Hey, Don, let's go.
I don't think it's so bad at all.
Please, Rob.
I want 50 billion, not 20 billion.
Their supply chain is broken up like scrambled eggs and they want to make a deal because those tariffs have given us millions of dollars and billions now, billions and billions of dollars.
The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, the Second Amendment and the late great Abraham Lincoln, right? Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life.
Okay? But the word impeachment, to me, is a very, very ugly word.
What is it nowadays? Come on, tell me.
Under President Bush, in eight years it went to $450 more.
Watch all the thieving and stealing and robbing they do.
This is your hat.
That's the first I've heard of it, that's the first most of you have heard of it, and then they pass legislation in various states saying that's okay.
Not lying.
I have middle of the road, I have poor, I have everybody.
This Conor lamb turned out to be a stonecold phony.
And she knows more about that subject, I think, than anybody, and she works hard and she doesn't need it.
Call me Donald, please.
But no, no, she's mean.
We'll end surprise medical billing require, price transparency, which I've already signed into law, which by the way, kicks in on January 1st.
Crooked Hillary.
They want the wall.
I did that heavy, heavy Pocahontas deal.
Build a wall, build a wall, true.
Do you know why John is the head? You know why? Because look, he's got the worst location.
So if you don't want Democrats to raid your healthcare, to steal away your money, to bankrupt your country, then you have a choice, you must vote Republican.
When Beto quit, he quit like a dog.
We could have been at 44%, if stupid people ran it, 8
I got to do it.
Yes sir, it's right up ahead, the guy's 30 years old or something.
It will be a woman, a very talented, very brilliant woman.
Look it, they just form.
That's a lot of rallies and it all emanates from this area.
Congressmen Glenn Thompson, Congressman Dan Muser, come on.
That's a tremendous thing, because you are dying, you are leaving the business to your kids.
We would have been, because they were going to put more and more and more regulations on.
You got to take care of our law enforcement.
I mean, they're seeing numbers that nobody believes.
He's the tallest in the history, but most importantly, he's the best.
Somebody else would have said, well, let's not do business.
We are going to hold the Senate and we are going to keep the White House.
We're going to call it a protest against stupidity.
We're going to take it.
Take it away.
We're down to, we will soon be down to 4,000 soldiers.
It sounds easy, it wasn't, but it was easy for me.
He always gets the name wrong.
Two months after president Obama put Joe in charge of Ukraine policy, they put Joe Biden in charge of Ukraine policy.
We were supposed to be in Syria for 30 days.
Actually, I think they're trying to take it away from Bernie again.
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings by a staggering 75% since last spring, and we have ended catch and release permanently.
He's a little bit right of the people we've been talking about tonight.
He got zero out of it.
Think of that, ending the AIDS epidemic within 10 years that we've started.
What he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One of the greatest statements ever made in the United State's Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham.
Okay? Free.
And then they fly to China, and I'm dealing with people right now.
President Obama gets the Nobel Prize.
She smeared US Service members involved in Black Hawk Down.
CNN fake news and the camera just went off, the camera.
For years, the sadistic mass murderer, Qasam Soleimani, planned and executed attacks against American targets, killing and wounding thousands of US service members and many, many thousands, and even hundreds of thousands, of other people.
They're horrible people.
Can you believe it? That guy's in big trouble.
You remember, it was a really terrible thing was happening.
They hate it when I say it, but you know, honestly, they are the enemy of the people.
They were worse to him than anybody.
Asia's doing poorly.
We're going up.
I love that city.
It's too crazy to even talk about, but we're never going to give them a chance to do it.
Sanctuary city policies aren't just wrong, they're immoral, and they're lethal, and they really are something that has to be stopped.
I bring people together.
Went too fast.
And from West Bend to West Dallas, we stand on the shoulders of the most courageous men and women ever to walk on the face of the earth.
What's going on is crazy.
It's so sad to see it, and that would happen.
So who did Biden put in charge? Beto.
You don't want to do it.
The worst debate performance in the history of presidential debate history.
Because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.
We begin this campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for America.
It was based on illegality.
I lost, and then I lost again, but then I won, and we have the travel ban.
They like us.
State senators Mike Testa and Joe Pennacchio.
I care.
It's called a protest.
They want to abolish bail, abolish and open up your borders.
And you know why I add the word, he said, because they will take what I said and they will put it as a commercial.
You wouldn't have him running your business.
You better have a good year after all of that.
And I go before these crazy people, they're screaming like maniacs.
How about Buttigieg? Buttigieg.
Terrible people running that company.
What the hell is the difference, right? I mean, we are up, and we're up good, but I'd love you to tie South Carolina.
Don't be foolish.
They'd go out … your kids would go out and borrow a lot of money.
They worked for the Democrats.
And if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done what? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries and that would have been it, right? That would have been it.
Now they're all coming back.
I got to tell you, I've been negotiating with China.
We're going to remember it, but we had in Michigan and in the country, the greatest economy in the history of the world, there has never been an economy.
Let's face it, Joe is shot.
The House Democrats are walking back from everything they claimed.
Trump, 33%
You can't see it down here.
They all take them back now.
The crowd was just, they want to see things happen in our country.
You know, we had, in 2016, I really believe it was maybe the greatest election.
Do you know who that is? Do you know who that is? Everybody knows who that is.
I didn't do anything.
We're not going to have another shot at him maybe ever again.
Right? We stopped payment and they called.
That's two.
These words will never be taken off.
You're going to have great health.
You know they're attacking a single man standing there with a camera, who never got hit and never hit back before in his life that.
No, I have an obligation to watch really boring stuff.
You look terrible.
And it's a shame what's going on.
He actually brought it further left.
We're not stupid.
But on November 3rd, Pennsylvania, will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus and return to record prosperity just like we were before, or whether we allow sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn't have a clue, to kill the recovery, raise your taxes, delay the vaccine.
They got to find him.
Was anybody there? I did the commencement address.
Lisa? Great job.
For the first time ever, the United States is now exercising our full legal authority to expedited removal.
I've done this before.
You couldn't fire anybody for almost anything.
It is very tough.
And I love doing it with everything that I have.
Give you your tax cuts, I gave them to you.
But we've created 6
And considering that we caught President Obama and sleepy Joe Biden, spying on our campaign, treason, will probably be entitled to another four more years after that.
But if you can spend, think of this, if you can spend less money and win, that's a good thing.
I saved a couple of them.
While Republicans are working every day to build up our country, the rage-filled Democrat Party is trying to tear America apart.
Above all, we will never stop fighting for this.
Most of you wouldn't do too good.
I don't know if you can, but, hello Des Moines.
But it's so disappointing.
Hillary wouldn't have had a clue.
No it does.
I was born.
No, he took what Bernie said and they moved way further left.
Okay? So what happens is this, we're working on healthcare.
I took a lot of heat, even from some of our Congressman, even from some of our Senators, but now they're all happy and I'm happy with them.
I had to because I had to show they're liars.
Okay? So it's actually more.
That would be a disaster for yourself because you'd be losing an incredible governor.
Not easy, and they don't get support.
There's never been a time like this.
And we did the same thing in other cities.
We have turned it around.
You get a free curtain.
Don't talk to your dad.
You've got to produce a lot of product.
We caught them cold.
You call them suppression polls.
And I know your previous governor was a Republican, but I was not a big fan of his.
They do a lot more for us than the Democrats do, right? A lot more, a lot more.
We had that great, great date, oh boy, November 8th remember? Was there ever a day like that in television history? And they have no idea, because when we do hang it up, they're all out of business.
He's trying to buy his way back into the Democratic Party.
You better keep them nice and clean.
Nobody in the last 10 years.
Go ahead and I want them to do that.
Our shared Republican agenda is pro-worker, pro-jobs, pro-family, pro-growth, and 100% pro-American.
I brought back 650,000 jobs.
The outbreak was so rampant that Obama-Biden, the administration, told States to stop testing immediately, and they ordered the CDC to stop counting cases because they looked like hell, okay? We didn't do that.
It's your radical left people.
Global warming.
Okay? 15 minutes.
We took good care of him two weeks ago.
I'll tell you one thing, he'll go into Washington and he's going to have you in mind.
May not be great, but I will say it's better than most of my friends who are the same age.
Go to Hollywood.
But I say, so let's get this right.
I just taxed their wine and champagne coming into our country because they're ripping us off on the internet.
You know it's under siege, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms.
I love the people.
Long as I'm here, they're not touching it.
Number one in the world by far.
This can only happen in North Carolina.
I can't watch me.
That's so nice.
Frankly, honestly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I want to make a deal.
Mexico's paying.
And I took the heat.
And if you don't support me you're going to be so goddamn poor you're not going to believe it.
We've ended the war on American energy.
He was investigating the son and the son's company.
The only message these radical socialists and extremists will understand- Message these radical socialists and extremists will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020
It's terrible shame.
Everything is a suit.
But we would've had two and a half, three, three and a half million people.
Get used to it, because if that happened, you will see things happen that aren't good.
And we're running it better.
I'm telling you, if you look, it's like 15 years just down.
But I love it and you know why I love it? Because we're accomplishing so much.
Neuman.
He said bring back Gone With the Wind.
I see dollars going right up, but they need a good place to launch.
For many decades, our leaders put global interests and special interests ahead of your interests.
And we're leading with the Hispanic community.
Now that's only good for California, but these are the things we do.
So you come from Texas, you don't like religion, you don't like oil, and you don't have guns.
The bad news for the Democrats is we are more enthusiastic now.
Look at all of those cameras.
And it's about the fate of your country.
I must tell you at great peril, I used them seldom, but those are the times we have the best fun too, I will say.
Thank you, Adam.
Remember that?
We'll talk to you later.
Now think of it, three Democrats went over to our side, no Republicans.
We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare.
Charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder.
He looked like it would be impossible to beat.
Even as a used ticket, you could probably sell.
Finally.
I don't want to get into a situation like where Biden used a record player.
Another man who's currently running against somebody.
If they were treating our vets badly, you couldn't fire them for anything.
We won it last time, we're going to win it this time by even more.
It would have taken us 20 minutes.
Very few people.
Five for the wedding.
You might, yeah, you can.
If we're attacked and aren't doing very well and somebody says, ‘Well, at least we have a good budget,' that doesn't work too well.
Not easy for any of them.
So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal.
The Democrats want us to fail so badly.
I think I remember the numbers.
We have one person, blood $39
With your help, we will reelect, and we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration.
America will soon be thriving like never before.
That's why I tell you when we have the flu with 35,000 people and this one we have to take it very, very seriously.
And the word is that we're much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in Michigan.
Look, I can make this speech really short.
What we've done in a very safe manner is amazing.
It's being built.
Because we had designated targets that you wouldn't know… It would have taken him 30 years to rebuild if that was even possible.
Well, from Cambridge to Council Bluffs, from Cedar Rapids where I made my last speech prior to the election.
Let's always pretend you're one point down.
And we will have a very different country.
If we had listened to Joe, hundreds of thousands more Americans would have died just by that one move alone.
The polls have closed … and you know they only announce if you're very … if you're really going to win by a lot.
How good is Jeep? I've taken the toughest-ever action against China's chronic trade abuses, including tariffs on $370 billion worth of Chinese made goods, bringing billions and billions of dollars into our treasury.
It's 122 degrees in this place.
They grab her drink.
And a person with tremendous spirit and personality to put it mildly.
We're going to come down to the lowest price anywhere in the world because we did a favored nations clause.
Use drones.
Now, this is what's happening.
It'll be over.
I don't know how many people here, but there's a lot.
But you know what they have done? They've cheapened the impeachment process.
And I think they're having a big impact.
They're opening these massive, Foxconn in Wisconsin, they're opening these massive plants and it's hard to get people.
They just started up because they want to try and get me to be in Biden's physical level.
By the way, they gave us 27,000 soldiers on our border.
Remember Obama would send pillows.
I signed a law.
Biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorist.
He couldn't get elected dogcatcher in Utah right now.
How about this guy? How about Schiff.
Here's my problem.
When they do that, that's personal.
Problem was she went from 15 to 14 to 12 to 10 to seven to four.
Now we paid them a lot of money.
Thanks to the life- saving therapies that we pioneered, the mortality rate has been reduced by 85% since April.
They are sick.
I'll be so angry at New Hampshire.
Well, we did it in Minneapolis, we ended it.
Most of it comes through, in this country, our southern border where we don't have the wall.
God bless India, and God bless America.
Thank you very much, Jim.
And they don't even know.
Remember North Korea? Remember? They were going to be at war with North Korea.
They're after your Second Amendment.
Right? She called him a racist.
She gave up a lot.
And he came out of Texas, the great state of Texas.
And frankly, you know what it is? The whole country's doing the best.
He did great with this.
I've been watching it for years.
They did it last time.
Biggest difference.
I want to recognize US Ambassador to India Kenneth Juster and Minister Jaishankar of India.
Get Jason in, he's a great guy.
I look up, the guy is already gone.
I got rid of a regulation.
Mexico has been terrific.
And Merry Christmas, Michigan.
He's an instinct guy, right? He's instinct.
Don't worry about it, it's not going to happen.
We will produce a vaccine this year and together we will defeat the virus.
But Jason, you're in good shape, wow.
If you can't beat him in a debate, you've got a big problem folks.
Thank you, Sean.
I always say getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom is much less painful because when I read them off, I'll read like with James or with so many of the Congressional Medal of Honors, many are not living, to be honest with you.
He may be the next governor.
He's got like four people in a circle.
I don't know where the hell Derek is.
Look at some of your other cities, and then you have a governor … You have a governor that invites the whole world to come into California.
People that never really thought in terms of it.
I have no railing.
We have given them, and there's a lot of political pressure not to do that, you can understand why.
And at those funerals of three leading supporters of segregation, including a former member of the KKK, and yet Biden is now smearing as racist, tens of millions of people like yourselves.
Go to a private doctor.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
They're willing to give up their results because they think it will help them win the election.
I will tell you the wall is being built.
He's a tough negotiator, I'll tell you that.
Nobody has more respect for this offices than I do.
Nobody knew that when it first came here, nobody assumed a thing like that was possible.
And I just got a free… See these Democrats, they go out and spend $1 million on a poll.
And they start with a hurricane and then they went to something, and something else.
We are changing Washington.
I am… And you know, it's going to maybe come back to haunt me because we have a rigged election.
He copied my whole plan.
You can forget about keep and bear arms.
The source doesn't exist.
Thank you very much, president Trump.
All these things we've done.
When I came into office, it was very, very depleted, but it ain't depleted anymore.
10 days.
Then I closed it down to Europe early, closed it down because I saw what was happening.
But I got the people that we needed.
Always, yep, my word.
Cancel it.
Who's from Cambridge here please? Cambridge.
You'd have jobs, all of the problems that it causes.
You have to.
They've gone nuts.
We're not happy with China.
You know that guy Dana White at UFC? I won't tell you about him yet, but he's a brilliant guy, right? I mean, he sold his crazy fighters, I mean bomb bomb bomb.
While I'm president, America will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth and we will remain energy independent.
That'll be very good.
I'm just saying every poll, they do those polls right after, three, four, 500,000 people, Time Magazine.
They thought it was from the comic strips or the future movies.
Remember what I told you about those weapons, we don't want to use ever, we don't want to use those weapons.
And it doesn't matter.
Watch.
We believe Wisconsin should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens.
Jake Tapper, today he put out… Now I know you don't like him.
Did you ever see that? It looked like the world was coming to an end.
He's a great gentleman.
300% up.
And I'll tell you something, Rush Limbaugh said it.
So I overrode the generals, I overrode everybody, and now we're making a record number of tanks in that plant and it's absolutely thriving.
They love me.
My knee, my knee.
And just as I said, hope to God we never have to use them.
No, there'll be in immediately after the election and they'll make a deal, we'll make a fair deal with them.
180 million people will lose with what they want to do.
We have two great ones.
To uphold our constitution as written as opposed to as conceived by some radical left judge, I will soon be announcing that nominee.
Let's give them a hand, and thank you very much.
We're doing ads beautiful ads.
They're being protected in the State Department.
We are the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream and I'm fighting for you each and every day.
And left-wing Democrats want to confiscate your guns and eliminate your God-given right to self-defense.
It was an assault.
Needles all over the place, everything else all over the place.
Mexico is now giving us 27,000 soldiers at our border.
I know the operators.
Because he was getting killed.
They want to indoctrinate your children, you know this, destroy anyone who calls traditional America American values.
He deleted everything.
Because they took a man who's got nothing.
Have you noticed? Remember years ago before I ever thought of doing this? I mean, when I said let's do this, I said to our great now first lady.
And I think that was the reason we won both house seats by a lot.
It's time.
Know how angry it makes me when I see it.
How good are they? Lou Dobbs.
I never did.
I was going to say a normal president, but they'll hit me with … A little truth to that too.
Are you sure we need an election tomorrow, Matt? I don't know.
They're going crazy folks, they're going crazy.
They want to find it.
You're going to win.
You have a great governor.
President Obama tried, a lot of them tried, they couldn't get it passed.
And now, they're building, what was that, like $6 billion worth of ships? And their beauties.
We have brand new missiles and rockets.
You would have lost trillions of dollars, closed your factories all over the place.
It causes problems with the wife, but we won't talk about that.
Our military would rebuilt it.
They never did it.
Would that be okay? She was so easy.
Then she had 10 million.
Nice new ones, all built in the USA, beautiful ones.
I never had it.
It's rapidly spreading, hundreds of thousands of acres, it's not been anything quite like this one.
I like that beautiful red tie you're wearing.
I used to go around and talk about how everyone's leaving.
The fake news would not cover the equivalent of the Titanic.
Let us go in.
But he was a great general.
They overstay for years.
Everybody said it was impossible.
Yeah, the world, it's all over the world.
We built 127 miles as of today, 127
That's going to haunt him.
They want to be where the action is.
They're thanking people that I never even heard of.
That's why it failed.
We have done more than I promised, no politics.
I don't think that he's going to be the right guy.
We love being with you.
A few members of the UFC community.
And the Republicans have got it right.
The Biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy this great opportunity that we're having right now.
He wouldn't know what you're talking about.
We love this country, and we're not going to let radical Left socialist/communists take over our country.
I have to say this very, very unfair to my family.
The most unpopular part of Obamacare, and we almost have Obamacare gone.
No more catch and release, you think that was easy? And the big thing is that 30 foot… And this wall is built exactly to the specifications of border patrol.
Just in concluding, I want to say that America has always been a nation of pioneers and patriots, risk-takers and free thinkers, and dedicated workers who have honed a trade, mastered their field, and teach their children to always give their very, very best.
What we had last night was just incredible, in Minnesota.
Remember the flailing arms? Nobody noticed it.
Stop him from winning.
I'm telling you, Peter.
I've never seen that before.
This guy doesn't have a clue.
We have tremendous prosperity going on in our country, and the people in this room are… I mean, you know what's happening.
Beshear has openly pledged to stop the policies of Donald Trump.
No, but think of it, as somebody saying that.
I mean, look, we're going to end this, but I have to tell you, John James can be so great.
Voters are making a mass exodus from that party and we are welcoming them to the Republican party with wide open arms.
But I went there and I went there a lot.
But you have to make sure your vote counts because the only way they're going to beat us is by doing that kind of stuff.
Will prosecute him.
Some of the rest, I don't care for it too much.
They should have stopped it and they did.
They said it's one of the greatest fields ever assembled.
This is the best version.
South Korea did very well with that deal, but I changed that deal a lot.
It was go on and then the show goes, started at ten went to eight, went to seven, went to five, went to four, went to two.
I call it Obiden.
When I thought we had to be down, we lost a lot of the top, top support.
You know there was a poll that just came out, I think it was Gallup, and it was a weird kind of a poll because it said 62% of the people that are polled are lying.
We stopped giving them all the aid.
They just expanded.
They're going to take your guns away.
I had no idea that the swamp was that evil, but we're winning.
We instituted favored nations.
I watched the last debate, and this weakling named Anderson Cooper saying, well, it's totally unsubstantiated, Mr.
I said, so they do … how many do you have? Sir, we have 1156 cadets.
For the first time, America is now energy independent.
I've been using it for the last year.
After the debate, he went backstage, fired a lot of people.
How about the insurance policy? To me, the greatest.
Is she related in any way to Elvis? I don't know.
What about sending out 80 million ballots? That's your real problem, and if Russia or China or these other countries want to cheat, all they have to do is forge ballots.
The fake news would never have allowed us to say that during the campaign, even as a projection.
I don't have to do this.
So they put these big circles.
Weak, got a lot of weak people.
It was 13, then it went to 18, and then Mueller.
They had more crap on that helmet with night goggles.
Vice President, I'd like to know your feeling on nuclear warfare and how does that relate to China and Russia and where are they in the race? Well, you can't have this as your president.
Clinton, she was easy.
Great guys.
And we just created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force, 72 years, 72 years.
So Yucca mountain, you're in great shape.
They don't want crime coming, they don't want to lose their jobs.
That was so big.
But we're having a good time doing it this way, right? Because we are finally putting America first.
He's been a friend of mine for a long time.
It's not good for ramps and if I fall down, look at all those press back there, look at them.
We're very low in Iraq.
And we get along with Turkey.
You were one of the worst examples ever.
He gets angrier, and angrier, and angrier.
We give the Pulitzer prize to the Washington Post and all of these real sleazebags.
Remember I thought I could just build concrete slabs? They didn't want that because you have to be able to see through.
That's the important thing.
And I heard from the governor of Texas, great guy, Greg Abbott.
We're a great country.
We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing.
Promises met.
You want it, you sign papers.
Because the Democrats and the fake news media, it's a partnership.
Then when he came onto the really big stage, this crazy stage, I noticed he was flailing with the arms, and he was standing on tables.
We pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
We built the single greatest economy in the history of the world.
He's smart, he's tough.
Put up your hand, John.
In all fairness we have some countries that have treated us very well and we're going to take care of those countries, but we are energy independent for the first time and that's a very good feeling.
Nobody cares.
I kept my promise recognized the Capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
They wanted me to sign for another three years.
… or anywhere in the world.
Many anymore.
I mean, they said that they'd never seen anything like it.
I don't think that's going to happen, folks.
Or we could mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds.
Rick Perry.
Nobody ever heard that.
Under President Trump, for three years, the number is almost $10,000, and that's three years, and it's going up.
Does everyone know Madison? Yes? You're going to vote for Madison? He's great.
But think of it, our Ohio campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for our nation's future.
Fabulous.
You know I said we've done the moon.
And we start.
Hillary was there, just before me, in a prime location.
Together, with the great and proud people of Ohio, we are making America wealthy again.
A huge win for Kentucky farmers, for Kentucky auto workers, for Kentucky manufacturers.
Altogether, the nations of Europe have experienced a 30% greater increase in excess mortality than the United States.
I give it away to … You can only give it, you can't keep it.
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal crossing are down 75% since May.
And a hell of a lot better President than he is, I can tell you that.
We have all brand new equipment and it was all built in the USA.
Yet there are those in Washington who would raid your healthcare to … Free benefits.
He gets along with Kim Jong-un.
I love them, I love them.
They're saying for the rich.
Not that I wanted to, but we were ready.
And we now have taken 100% of the caliphate, and we have thousands and thousands of ISIS prisoners.
Let's get rid of Gaddafi.
Wisconsin was a great victory, and we won Pennsylvania, and we won North Carolina and South Carolina, and we won Florida, and I hate to tell you we should've won New Hampshire.
It's got to stop, it's got to stop now.
Now, Hispanic have done so good.
You saw what happened, right? These Italians formed a little circle.
Fake polls.
They never endorse.
The forgotten men and women of this country will never, ever be forgotten again.
You have no idea the results that are taking place.
You see these guys, they go around saying, yeah, I want your meal.
America is working again.
Right? With your help, your devotion and your drive…  Gee, it's too bad.
And I'm very good at predicting this.
All right, you can get them out.
We get ratings.
We haven't had an empty seat.
Nobody that needed a ventilator, didn't get a ventilator.
From an all out assault being waged on you from the extreme left.
They don't even mention it.
They clean their phone, so you don't have any of the information, but that's a big problem for them, I would imagine.
People go in for a blood test, they get charged $2,700
You have to stay in your house but if you're willing to riot, running down Main Street, if you're willing to riot and stand on top of each other's face and do whatever the hell you want to do, you're allowed to do that because you're considered a peaceful protester so we decided to call all our rallies peaceful protests even my people, my very brilliant consultants who I don't listen to too much, maybe I should.
If you people wouldn't go crazy every time you see something, he'd go right through and nobody would even know she was there.
This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line.
And they said it about Ohio too.
He had other charges against him.
We got a lot of bad people, but we're getting them out one by one.
They take the best air force guys, they take the best Marines in the helicopters, Marine One.
Actually, they probably do have a good idea where they're going, and that's our problem.
Even if it's true, you don't say that.
They're burning down his city.
In fact, he had a meeting at his house.
It's actually, if he wins, it's the single most brilliant campaign in the history of the world.
And I also got other NATO members to pay an additional 100 billion dollars over the last year and a half that they weren't paying, they were delinquent.
She's tough, but she's very kind.
He was born to be President, and right after that, he came tumbling down, but he's from Texas, so he was against religion, he was against oil, and he was against guns.
So he comes out with a platform, no oil.
It's going to be announced the numbers just before the election.
Made in America, made in the US.
They don't want to lose their job, because we've become so politically correct, everybody's afraid to do anything now, but they did a good job.
But he is, he's a high quality guy.
And it saved the industry.
They say things like 150 million people killed, guns, they say Super Thursday, they say Georgia, he's looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow.
We're buying cheaper drugs from other countries and approving more generic drugs than ever, ever, ever before.
Always just assume you're a little behind, but we're going to win this state by so much that people are going to be shocked.
And you haven't seen that lately.
I had no idea.
Right? Just because I asked.
This one's a murderer.
5 million people have joined the workforce.
Ever recorded! Women's unemployment is at a 65 year low.
People forgot there was one that they never talk about it, but that's okay.
The USMCA includes powerful wage protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan.
You know why it failed? You know why it failed? Because they came after us.
And then they announce there was no bias.
How did it work out, Steyer? You jerk.
I don't know see him dealing with Vladimir Putin.
But they won't allow a pipeline.
They have no idea what they're against.
Come on, General Motors, let's go.
That was last year for this year.
And, what we've done for them, and for religion, is so important.
Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row.
That's why… We've ended a lot.
And that includes the gentleman that's running against Matt.
Half a point.
You don't like to hear about it because you don't hear about it too much.
I thought he was a great guy, great president, didn't like his policy on trade.
But even president Obama's own former National Security Advisor, a highly respected general named Jim Jones, praised our action to take out Soleimani and said it was absolutely correct and it was the absolute right thing to do.
But he is a leader in lowering healthcare costs like nobody has done it.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Nevada.
We don't want dangerous criminal aliens roaming free in North Carolina.
So we had, I don't know, 14, 15 debates.
I think they're going to do it over because it was just ripe with fraud, theft.
They're on respirator.
It was done by the Obama administration.
But I want football back.
He loves your state.
Now, I just want to let people know, we have the greatest systems, the greatest equipment and the greatest people anywhere in the world.
It's his masters, his … They tell him what to do, his masters.
In my first three years, we lifted 6
Remember Clinton used to lease it out to people for money.
Just don't talk about it.
We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way.
She's an incredible, she's a doctor, and she studies addiction, and drugs, drug addiction, all sorts of addictions.
The ocean is going to rise 1/8 of an inch within the next 250 years.
We will always protect you, even if you don't pay, even if our taxpayer is paying for everything, even though you take advantage of us on trade, you don't let our cars in, you don't let our stuff in, but you sell us like crazy, even though you tariff our product, even though you do everything, and then you take advantage of us with the military.
They took an ad saying I was against football.
And in my opinion, if you look at what he's going to do to Medicare, they will destroy Social Security.
It's sort of amazing.
I'm also proud that we have successfully brought back the Big 10 and the Ohio State Buckeyes.
This thing, you have a hangar.
Wouldn't we like to run against her.
They will be 60 years old.
Eight years, 2028 you know what? Unless I'm still president then, which is a distinct possibility, I won't be here, and you know what they'll do? I'll say, how's the Olympics going? Does anybody have a ticket for the president that got the Olympics to come here? They'll say, I want to thank and they'll thank hundreds of people, but they won't thank you president that I'm the one that pulled it off.
That's- That's going to stop a lot of it.
ISIS would still be on the rampage and China would now be the dominant power in the world and there not even close, I will tell you.
I go upstairs, downstairs, all around.
And then you had the chart.
Sleepy Joe, he's a beauty.
They're stuck with them because they have crazy politicians.
I mean, the whole thing is crazy.
Price transparency and he looks at me.
He's had enough.
If you took New York out of it, which was a disaster by Cuomo, if you took New York out of those numbers, we would have numbers that would be even better than they are.
We make money, they pay taxes.
They're Biden people.
When I got into office, they say the most important thing a president can do, I actually think it's defense, but they say is the appointment of federal judges.
And I don't like, rumors like that.
It's a walking army tank, the beast.
I mean, everybody.
and then this stupid person said I didn't debate well.
Nobody else got it.
Some state supreme court justice just ruled that they can take as long as they want to count the ballots.
It's a state where the people are great, just great people.
Biden is always on the wrong side of history, as said by people that are with him and worked with him.
So nobody's done it, and that's why I think this is going to be the most important of all.
You know, all of the promises that I made, I'm the only politician in history that I've actually kept more promises than I made.
And I'll be honest, he's a smart guy.
Jared Kushner.
We've ended it.
She's a Greenie, Jill Stein.
And I asked my son Don to get a couple of hats and get some things, and give them to Erwin right now.
And generally they did it, because we were way ahead from the beginning.
These are great people that love our country, just remember that.
It's a hoax, it's a scam, I'm not doing it.
From Camden to Clifton, all the way down the shore to Ocean City and Sea Isle and Stone Harbor.
You look at Portland, you look at Chicago, you look at New York, you look at Baltimore and Oakland.
You know the big difference when you run, '16 I ran, '18 I didn't run.
Well, the hatred, I mean, between him and Fredo.
That was going to be worse than NAFTA.
They love wind too, right? The big windmills, I always say, the greatest graveyard in the world for birds, just walk under a windmill.
But that was with zero interest, real easy with zero interest.
He'll be running someday.
We're going to get a lot of Bernie Sanders voters because they like my attitude on trade.
Because I have to get back to Washington to work.
Bring that to my office.
How about Jesse? And Judge Jeanine and even Greg Gutfeld.
Small dinner, a few people.
It's made in South Korea.
Joe Biden has been on the wrong side of history for 47 years.
Just let it be fair, but they don't have that.
No.
They don't have too much money for terror anymore, it's actually amazing, do you notice what's going on? Now I don't want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done, we're going to hit them 1000 times harder than we've ever hit them before.
And one of our great friends was a veteran who's been with me in New Hampshire.
Think of this, 180 million Americans are going to lose healthcare coverage under this plan.
In Colorado, they're there three, four days early.
We're respected again.
They float it out into the middle of the ocean.
I said, now we give them $5 we give them nothing.
You know, NASA was an absolute disaster, grass was growing through the fairways too.
They've been tried to do it for 45 or so years.
And your state's energy revenues are up by nearly two-thirds.
And I'm saying this for you and I'm saying it for all of you.
Dogs have gotten ballots and they know I'm right and everybody knows I'm right and they say I'm right behind the closed doors and it's a disgrace, what they do to our country.
We call this a protest because if you call it a protest, you're allowed to have it.
He's a rough guy and he's a popular guy too.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
I wish they'd take the camera, show the arena please.
And you're going to get the chance very soon.
They didn't do anything for Michigan.
As we begin tonight, our thoughts are with the two sheriff's deputies in Los Angeles who were fighting for their lives when a vicious criminal walked up to their vehicle and shot them at point blank range.
But I have the distinct pleasure of running against the worst presidential candidate in the history of presidential politics.
By the way, I got endorsed by New York's finest.
He's raising taxes.
But we won 32 states.
Nobody talks about that.
It's a great thing to have deficits.
And our approval rating at the V.
Is that okay? We were surrounded with globalists.
But by comparison to other countries and by almost all metrics, we've done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all of the things that we built.
They went to all parts of the world, but a lot went to Beijing.
You move that tree.
Her and her boyfriend.
We made a great deal, Sir.
And by the way, when we talk about inheriting victory in 2020 in our Nation, just so you understand, under a big tax cut biggest tax cut plan in history, guess what you have? You have a business, you have a farm, you have a small business, no more inheritance tax, no more what we call death tax.
I mean who could believe a thing like that? No, I heard that Peter Strzok needed a restraining order to keep him away from his once lover.
I probably would have not been here tonight.
But they're all coming in and a lot of them are coming to Michigan.
But, there never has been a movement like this.
I've never hit a phone.
You got to be tough in that job by the way.
It was a depleted mess.
So whether it's Pennsylvania, or Texas, or Oklahoma, or North Dakota, or any place, you take a look at this, right? And no oil, no guns, no God.
I think NBC with Lester Holt.
Right? Me-Too-ed.
You know how great it was? We landed, we had to drive for 50 minutes.
And there was a friend of ours, Chairman of the New Hampshire Republican party, Steve Stepanek.
They've been fighting for 1000 years.
And they guard … The thing that's incredible … I know so many police, they're so good, one bad apple, and they're on for months.
Give me less than an hour.
We just finished a $40 billion deal with Japan.
Bob Paduchik.
We're putting tariffs on everything they send into our country, 25%
We ended all this stuff.
They were bad.
No, no, I feel badly because it's too late for her to get in.
It's an incredible thing.
Would you believe it? Is Sean here? Where's Sean? Where's Sean? Get up here.
We'll see.
I don't think it's socialism.
It's a little bit like what we did with the statues.
If you want to buy the newer kind, you can.
You know, the Hispanic-owned, small businesses, they're great business people.
And the Army Corps of Engineers is building their hearts out.
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs at a level like you've never seen before.
All of the radical Democrats in the Presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth.
Little statements that are a little bit, sort of, not too good, huh? What is the word we want to use? Yeah, a little… Nah.
That's one quick story.
Agitators.
It's guts.
So they can't destroy it.
Wait.
It's reciprocal.
They really are bad news.
And together we will make America wealthy again.
You know all about data, 28 countries.
Where is Dick? I think your great governor is here.
They are not getting a Rolls Royce.
They have no clue.
And, something which a lot of people don't talk about, but we doubled the child tax credit.
No, I really mean it.
The Soviet Union, when it was all together before they decided we got to call ourselves Russia.
He's building the wall.
So I can give it to health, I can give it to transportation, I can give it to military, but I give it away all the time.
I say it out loud because I say it to them right now.
You can keep your plan.
And we gave them… What's more impressive, we also gave them $1
We did everything right.
Illegal immigration.
When you do testing to that extent, you're going to find more people, you're going to find more cases.
So you go back four years, eight years.
He was talking after the baby is born, the doctor will talk to the mother and they'll make the decision as to whether or not that baby lives.
In this region alone last year, ICE officers, and they're patriots.
NBC did great.
They have to be stopped now.
Gets so quiet.
The first card I looked at, seriously, it was Ted Cruz.
So enjoy the football, enjoy it.
You ready? So first we'll go … let's say sleepy Joe, right? Right? Then we'll go crazy Bernie.
This guy wrote page after page of criminal acts.
We have great support.
Please keep the birds away from those windmills, please.
This is really great.
141, think about it.
But we could have.
You believe this? The border patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in and some of these people are not good people.
Hunter, it's so great that you're here, sir.
We want Trump, we want Trump, they want Trump.
We're the party of the American dream.
How many is this? How many rallies have you come too? They can't count.
They never show it and we've never had an empty seat from the day I came down the escalator, not one.
I think he just went up.
We made a great trade deal.
And they are available.
Sorry, senators.
They've already started buying.
The Democrats and Biden would be a disaster for Hispanic Americans.
And we have secured, soon to be three years, record funding for our military.
It's a talking point given to these fakers by the Democrats.
And you know, the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers.
She compared it to 9/11, a slander upon our nation.
But, we also got accountability where we can fire people that aren't taking care of our vets.
So instead, they go into this horrible, horrible, really polluted water and the water comes out of there.
But no, he's a disaster waiting to happen.
We need our military for other reasons.
What does that mean? Joe, tell me.
It's 63 million, but it's much more than 63 million.
You are a legend, aren't you, huh? Great job you've done.
Hunter.
We're replacing the disaster known as NAFTA with the brand new U.
It's wonderful.
They announced the impeachment, and then an hour later, she announced that she's going to USMCA.
They failed on healthcare.
Then I looked at mine.
The floors of the forest, it's got 20 years of leaves and trees that are dry as a bone, matchsticks.
Well, that's a long time before I was president.
We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I didn't get along, I would not be here.
He's hated me for 20 years, and I've hated him also.
But Matt Bevin has made record investments in education spending for Kentucky students.
So FBI lawyer, Lisa Page, so in love that she didn't know what the hell was happening texted the head of Counter Intelligence, Peter Strzok, likewise so in love he couldn't see straight.
We're going to see if we can get that done.
And they do badly.
Where are you? Hi.
You don't have that anymore.
It was terrible.
Just like crazy Nancy Pelosi, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules.
Look what ISIS did.
Far left politician… I mean, they're fighting me on the wall, you have no idea.
America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars.
They want to take your guns away.
UAE and Israel.
Florida is way down.
There was no waiver with Corey.
Let's impeach him.
China's didn't kick in until 2030, we kicked in immediately.
It ended.
Billions of dollars.
They were willing for this stocks and whatever the hell they own, what do you guys own back there? Let it go.
I think it's fantastic.
The new USMCA has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in Michigan where they belong.
But all of these places are Democrat run places, radical left run places.
These characters back there said, oh, that's okay.
We have televisions in the closet, on the ceilings, on the floors.
Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty.
But they smear you, they spy on you, and they target your friends, your family, your staff for harassment, for abuse, for destruction.
His people, his representatives, because Biden doesn't know he's alive, let's not kid ourselves.
We're rebuilding our military, defending our sovereignty and reclaiming our dignity as a nation.
And I guarantee you … And by the way, the states that are open are doing really well.
The guy never passed the bill, he did nothing.
He said, I'd really like more money.
By the way, we could do it in Portland in half an hour.
He's a superstar.
No reason for it.
5 trillion in the US military and launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces in nearly 75 years.
It took, you also had, what? A half an hour? Remember, they hit the CNN reporter in the knee? He went down, Ali Velshi.
They understood that, they understood it… And by the way, there's nobody that knows our Southern border better than, I call them the Hispanics, I call them the Latino.
It's driving them crazy.
But he blatantly copied the speech of a British politician, even ripping off the man's personal biography and family history and claiming it was his own.
They want to erase your borders and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in our schools.
And, I don't mean they're off by a little bit, they're off by 20 percent, 25 percent.
They are sick.
And we saved the industry because I got Russia and Saudi Arabia to cut back 10 million barrels.
Republicans are fighting for school choice, big deal, it's a big deal, because no parents should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school.
They're waiting online for two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, ten weeks.
Is that these companies, these big public companies, they're owned by the people, they're owned by everybody.
They come home, mommy, daddy, this is what I learned.
A little bit slow with that head, Corey.
Our early and aggressive action saved millions of lives through Operation Warp Speed.
I want to thank some incredible people in the House of Representatives, and Kevin I want to thank you… … people in the House of Representatives.
And Rand Paul was in big trouble last night, he's a good guy, he's a friend of mine, and that shouldn't happen to anybody.
In a few short weeks, we'll be up to 180, sounds impossible, federal judges including court of appeals judges.
If it were distributed, it could actually, has the power to kill half of the country.
My life was so beautiful.
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community and every walk of life.
Actually.
This was months later.
It sounds simple, but it was tough.
We're going to have the best ships.
I understand from Bob Paduchik, you know Bob? That we're going to win it by more than we did.
Not a lot of people are watching.
Here's the thing.
It was like oh, you think about it.
She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom.
And right now, our numbers are higher than they've ever been before.
It was a made up statement, and they put it up in the form an ad, from a third-rate magazine, who's best friend is Obama, who, by the way, got caught spying on my campaign.
They are off federal welfare.
Remember when Shift made the phony speech? Eight times he said the same thing, except that's not what happened.
Good man.
But they're right behind me.
We've suspended refugee.
I'd hear women didn't like me, and I did great with women.
And you know, the number one group of people that are going up is the blue collar worker.
With your energy and enthusiasm, this November, and specifically it's November 3rd is the big day, and this is going to be as big … and I can't say bigger, because what was bigger than that? They came from the hills, they came from the mountains, they came out of the rivers, they came all over the place.
It's interesting with women, so women want to have a strong military protection, they want to have strong borders, they want to have strong law enforcement, they want to have great education, they want to have low taxes for their family, not high taxes.
It was amazing.
We called up the commissioner and he was great.
Tomorrow, the people of Kentucky will head to the polls and you will vote to reelect your terrific Republican governor, Matt Bevin.
By law, they have to ask us to go in.
They use different terms.
Let it be a big victory too.
And now they will say anything.
You can sit if you want.
Every one of them went around that flag.
I called Republicans that maybe wouldn't have been so inclined, some of them.
And by the way, there's a time to fight.
I was loyal to somebody.
Remember? Was it 1024th? Meaning maybe nine hundred years ago, there was a little action going on.
But let me ask you this.
That was terrible.
How about that one? It's a good one.
You're going to see.
Robert, thank you very much and thank you all for being here.
What a great tribute.
We love our police.
So it's now Election Day.
China's lost three million jobs, thousands of companies are leaving China, the supply chain is crumbling because they can't pay the tariffs, and our country has taken over things that you would've never thought.
How is he going to do in Georgia? Well, I think George is going to be very close.
Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare, force private doctors out of medicine, and lead to the rationing of life saving treatments.
They buy so much, good record numbers, soybeans record numbers.
It's like my job.
You know what and pillage.
We are the party of equal opportunity for all Americans.
I love Italy.
You can't open your store.
Oh great, Joe, thanks, Joe.
We'd take off with these absolutely gang members an we'd bring them back and they wouldn't accept them.
I'll tell you Rudy is amazing, but he did a great job.
So I have to, but I agreed, you know, I didn't know that no business or no business type show had ever succeeded on a network television.
The Republican party always will.
Come up, Karen.
He's interviewed me a lot over the years and I always got along with him, but they were tough interviews.
I guess they do watch us.
So, I had one of the teams in.
At stake in this fight is their survival of American democracy itself.
They gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier, totally disproven, totally fake.
Then, they don't like me.
Seven million Americans have been lifted off food stamps since the election.
These are the little things that I have to explain.
And I did it last time and people loved when I did it.
Here in Nevada rioters burned the city hall in Reno.
So we want to take back the House, we'll hold the Senate, and we'll keep the White House.
And if you would have had the other party winning this last election, instead of your market being up 72%
Very great.
And we have our great Governor.
But I know one thing, Americans will show up by the tens of millions next year to vote Pelosi the hell out of office.
We did so many things, and Rush heard this.
So, Democrat phenomena.
And America is thriving again like never before.
Leave it to something else.
So they went over the public.
And nothing happens to her.
More stuff is going up there, they're making it, ay, ay, ay.
And I gave out the Purple Heart.
I did the rule and we got it through Congress.
We've rebuilt our military and we have financial strength.
Do we love law enforcement? And is there ever, ever a better place to be than a Trump rally on some night during some week? The truth, is we have a great time.
Normally you have to wait hours, unless it's a total runaway.
Look what we did.
I mean, this guy works day and night.
She calls me, Just one more trip, sir, one more trip.
They have 1
Under my administration we achieved the most secure border in American history.
In fact I'm disliked, but actually they respect us, that's more important.
You tell the boss, I am getting out of here, I don't like this guy.
No wonder you sold it.
Globalist politicians allowed other countries to raid our factories, ravage our farms, rob our workers, and ransack our communities.
They don't give me credit for fake news.
Now they're sick.
I don't think he knows that, but the people that manage him know it.
And the only reason I released it was that the Democrats put out a phony narrative.
And he just told me our poll numbers are through the roof, he just told me that so I'll take that.
That's what they said.
When they see you for about two seconds and then you say, oh, that judge should be fair.
Now we're counting on the federal court system to make it so that we can actually have an evening where we know who wins.
You know why? Just every time you see an add from the drug company, they got plenty of money, that's why nobody ever fights them.
We've protected it, and that's going to remain that way.
We could forget Boeing.
The radical left named Andy Beshear, who rejects everything Kentucky stands for.
17 years.
But you know, we've created six million new jobs since election day and I couldn't say that in my initial rallies because nobody would have believed it.
They became very, very famous.
I found him and we hit him good.
But there's tremendous potential to go up.
I love champions.
Pennsylvania, every one of them.
It's like a habit.
We go onstage, which is fine.
I think it could help, it might make me better, but I have none.
That's bigger than healthcare transparency and that'll go unfortunately into effect right around the election time.
If I'm up there, if I'm down here, I don't know, but we'll be fighting.
Not me.
This is the man.
People are so tired.
Excuse me, how does that work? And the great thing is with Jim Inhofe and with James Lankford, likewise, they just said they love you James.
The most they ever did was 20 billion of product from our farmers.
Our shared Republican agenda is pro worker pro jobs, pro family pro growth and 100% pro American.
We did it and frankly we were building the wall through the help of the military, the Army Corps of Engineers anyway, but you know what? Now we actually have the money and it's going up very rapidly.
Beshear is too liberal, too extreme and too dangerous for the state of Kentucky.
We're protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will.
I didn't like this picture.
And, we will end our reliance on China once and for all.
If we don't win Michigan after all those auto plants, and I don't know, but it's been tough but we won it last time.
Thank you, darling.
And Mike said, he never did a good job, I'm so shocked to see him running.
But Mike Pence has been great.
I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things, but these are for two different deals, and not one mention was made on the evening news.
It was black and white instead of the blue and white.
I'm not going to mention it.
But it's true.
You know, they just came out with a poll.
The difference is, the last election I was a successful businessman running for president, I said I was going to do things.
We're rebuilding that awesome might that we were just talking about.
But in the Trump administration, we will always protect American families first, and that has not been done in Minnesota.
And as you know, Democrats even want to give free healthcare to illegal immigrants.
Prior to running for politics, he was so nice to me.
We have the Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa, Jeff Kaufmann.
They are not happy.
I talked about a swamp.
We'll teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.
So not that he has anything to do because he won't know what's happening.
And we're getting a lot of good response.
Solomon, Sara Carter, Bongino.
I think she loved it in a certain way.
Loyal citizens like you help build this country.
The past administration didn't pay interest.
They have more things to say about me.
Every place that we've gone, it's been amazing.
I said thank you, anyway.
But we say it anyway.
I don't think so.
The only thing you're allowed to do is run wild through the streets, burn down storefronts, blow up stores, and kill people, because that's considered a protest, and that, they allow you to have.
They filled up.
We want two and a half million.
Now they go out, they get a doctor, we take care of them.
The foreign minister said they want to impeach.
Well, the governor of Virginia executed a baby.
The first lady did great, Ivanka did great.
We're doing great.
We've destroyed he ISIS territorial caliphate 100%, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS.
Larry is a good man.
All they have to do is call us.
So essentially, that's saying you're in a certain category, which is a very important category, you're doing better than any state in the United States.
They do an incredible job, our border agents.
Did you know Kennedy lost in Massachusetts? You know why? Because he wasn't a radical left.
We're getting it done.
When the fake impeachment happened, it was a total fake, what did we finish up with the Republicans? 197 to nothing, right at the house.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industries.
We don't talk about it.
No, he was great.
In Berkeley County, officers captured a previously deported MS-13 gang member who shot a man to death before dousing the body in gasoline and setting him on fire.
What's happened? And all she does is work on the hoax and work on all of the stuff.
Dan, thank you, Dan.
It's America First.
And, the biggest beneficiary is the African-American community.
The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the party of the American dream.
On Wednesday we won the big case in federal court.
It's happening.
These guys write stuff out for him, and he tries to read it.
So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers, and get out and vote.
And then yesterday I read that I had strokes.
They are stupid people and their ratings have dropped like a rocket.
And they raised a tariffs massively, they made it impossible.
The fake news.
Now, if we had a protestor somewhere in the arena, it could be up in that corner where it's loaded up with people, those cameras that can do, they look like a pretzel.
Increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities.
Okay? No more.
I've been here during the summer.
And they want to blow Mount Rushmore.
We'll see what happens with it, but we can help our friends, the Kurds, because that's where they got their wealth.
And it was unbelievable.
Couple of months ago, it was zero and we were going to lose 10 million energy jobs, 10 million jobs.
One of the most important promises I made is right to this era.
It was in bad shape.
Really, if you look.
So we begin, Oklahoma, we begin.
I don't get it, Tim.
If you go back three years, that would have been something that would have been impossible to even discuss.
And ladies and gentlemen of Nevada, the best is yet to come together.
And that's where these guys begin.
To me that was worse.
We had a tremendous crowd.
And we're fighting to stop surprise medical bill and Barron's is going to be very happy.
Those roads are going to get very nice.
No controversy.
I want to find out what's going on.
Take your cameras.
It's a curtain.
We got rid of TPP.
They destroyed so many lives, and they're continuing to do it.
Thank you Mick.
Although you had an ex-governor here that had very good genes, too.
maybe another 10%
They may find them.
And two great Supreme Court judges.
And this year's going to be even better and maybe much better.
Oh that's going to be so nice.
I knew that she was going.
So they put a circle, like he's supposed to … He's trying to be legitimate.
That was Adam Schiff.
And now we are, we are policing, we are now policing.
Biden said the other day, well, if the experts told me.
Where's Hunter? He took the money, he went to China, he took 1
He opposed the mission to take out Osama Bin Laden.
But we have to include energy.
You know what? We're going to keep it that way.
We love South Carolina, right? Come here.
But we have three vaccines right now, they're in the final stage, clinical trials.
They want to make a deal so badly.
That's pretty nice.
You have the best year ever on record, right? Southeast, best year you've ever had, right? You have a great governor, you have two senators, great congressman, the greatest year you've ever had, but some people in South Carolina are getting a little tired, I'm surprised to hear this, of winning.
How can you do business that way? Who's going to want to speak to your president? So the president of Ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference, on other subjects, that he was under absolutely no pressure.
Crazy Pocahontas, she's a nasty one though, isn't she? She's a terrible person.
Now I can say for the first time in 20 years, wages are rising, and you know who's the biggest beneficiary? Blue collar workers.
We need their votes.
The door was opened, and these beautiful soldiers, five or six on each side, lifting the coffin and walking down the runway, the plank, they call it, off this cargo plane.
We're all in this together.
Liberal politicians want to eliminate private healthcare and force everyone onto the government plan.
Mr.
No, she… I did it too early.
So we have a great governor in the state of Florida, Ron DeSantis, calls me up.
They're stupid.
We need them to be wired.
This is a big day.
Does anybody want to have somebody from Antifa as a member and as a resident of your suburb? I don't think so too much.
They come over.
In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America.
If they're too dangerous we have no choice.
Nothing.
Now they don't want it, you know why they don't want it? For political reasons, and you know what, it's going to cost them a lot of points in the election, I think probably cost them the election itself.
What do you think? I think 84,000
They're not looking for that.
Let's get out of here darling.
But whatever it is, and you'll be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb.
And it is fascinating.
Half a million more Hispanic Americans now own a home.
I would've… It's true.
They don't want fracking, right? They don't want the energy that we know that powers these massive plants because the other stuff is wonderful.
Got to have a three.
I saved the U.
We have to win on November 3rd.
Erwin Julian.
I can't watch our president.
We got sued all over the place that we won.
We made a lot of governors look very good.
Did this ever happen before? And then you have Brad Pitt.
Where's Scott? Where's Scott? Thank you, Scott.
Who would have thought the stock market? And hopefully we're at the end of this horrible China virus.
You're going to love it.
We're doing all mostly hangar things because we're outside.
They're inspiring.
Didn't we think? I thought we taught that lesson.
We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will, the Republican party, pre-existing conditions, we saved it.
But can you imagine giving him credit? I signed it, it's all done.
and you don't hear from other people.
He's a big guy.
I flew in with some of our great congressmen, who we're going to introduce it a second.
The one who treated him worst was Kamala.
Number one show.
But just tell them, am I a good athlete and am I a good golfer? Thanks Mike.
He's been a very, very successful business leader.
But we have them cold, they spied on our campaign.
And you're going to go to a better year, we are going to have a better year.
They've done nothing wrong.
Look what we did at Minneapolis.
He's like a hundred yards from the nearest human being.
Remember the picture of the cage.
We are further taking unprecedented action to finally secure our southern border and stop illegal immigration.
They don't like me too much.
It's been incredible what's taken place in a short period of time.
I guess if I didn't do well with the show they wouldn't have been nice because they weren't nice to other people that failed.
And then I said, wait a minute.
You don't like it, you go find another job.
He's in there for a fortune.
But we just turned the United States into the dominant energy super power of the world, of the world.
We will pioneer new frontiers in space, working together, raising the sights of humanity.
And a very big hello, Wisconsin, we've been very good together.
And we gave Rush, because he's such an important person and done such an incredible job the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
It bears no relationship to who appoints them, but I never win with an Obama appointed judge ever.
They knife the two young girls, 16 years old.
Biden opposes, school choice and vowed to ban charter schools.
And you know what that means.
It's full.
With us, we've done so much.
Do you remember that like immediately? I won by a lot and there was some guy running, McMuffin, McMuffin.
And you think that was easy? The Democrats, they didn't want that wall.
Second is judges.
And I'd like to speak well, but the leadership, they have no clue.
How is it Keith? The numbers are good, Keith.
They're admitting they're terminally ill and you won't let them use a drug that may work? Let the use the drug.
You use a term that's perfect and they're not happy with it.
He's done an incredible job, actually.
He met her at the rally in Colorado.
Because you have Democrats that do not like our military.
I have to be always very truthful, because if I'm a little bit off, they call me a liar.
Thank you Dan.
In my State of the Union Address, I proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback.
They're going to try and give Sleepy Joe the credit.
Now he's shot, he's got half of his head left, and he's out, think of it.
You know why? Not because of the electric.
7 million for two airplanes.
You never ever… Please.
The Washington Democrats have never been more extreme.
And now we came out in favor of law enforcement.
Not all of them.
He will drive you out of the … he'll drive you out of everything.
They're voting on some pretty important stuff, right? But, we were able to get Bill.
Hundreds of officers nationwide have been injured in left-wing riots and mobs.
Oh okay, well you're the senator from Hawaii, that's right, the beautiful island of Hawaii.
The flailer.
Because together, we will make American wealthy again.
They shouldn't even be allowed to have an impeachment, because it was based on dishonesty.
We never the cages, they were built by Obama and the fake news is constantly saying that I built cages for children.
I'm being totally serious now.
Well you better let me win.
Indian companies employ tens of thousands of Americans across a range of industries, including American steel.
And it's all jobs, but you got hit particularly hard.
Right? So what happens is I start the journey, inch by inch, right? I was really bent over too.
And again, remember this, Ohio is doing better today than it's ever, ever, ever done before.
That's the day after I won the election.
They were love fests.
They want to impeach you.
You have to replace them every 10 years because they wear out, and they cost a fortune and they need subsidy.
Because I am very surprised by it.
With all that we have going, with Saudi Arabia, with Iran, with China trade deal, with Russia, with North Korea, with all that we have going, look at the cards that we've been dealt, lucky we won the election in 2016, believe me.
Son walked out with 1
So I kept going to Maine, and you know what? We won that one point in Maine.
And we can't let it happen.
He hasn't made up his mind yet, but he would be fantastic.
12 billion, Sonny Purdue, Secretary of Agriculture.
If they have money, they go to Asia, they go to Europe.
Then sometimes you have Democrats running an airport, and they don't like all these people here.
Who do you like more, the country or the Hispanics? He says the country.
So you have a situation where we built the greatest economy in the history of the world.
That was a great defense, I appreciate it.
Look, Joe doesn't know what's going on, you know that.
If you close this, we're not going to be… where are you going to build tanks? This is the primary factory in the whole country.
Look, let me tell you how about yesterday.
We had 25 people that were witnesses that are on the record already that have said that never took place.
They can't believe we're getting it done.
Everybody wants money.
They want to obliterate the rule of law, drive out faith from the public square, and you know this, silence you online, confiscate your guns.
#NAME?
Get him out of office.
Van Jones.
Remember the dishwasher, you'd press it, boom, there'd be like an explosion, five minutes later you open it up, the steam pours out, the dishes.
They go up, it's less.
Saved trillions and trillions of dollars that was put in there to hurt us, in my opinion.
So many people went there.
My whole life has been a debate, but I never debated with a podium, and this, and that.
I'd rather have that.
They betrayed us all.
You don't want to see me cry.
That was terrible, right.
Here in Yuma, Arizona, we've invested over $1
Just tell us to put it out, governor.
It's the American dream versus the American nightmare.
Many people.
We love Donald, but he just can't make it.
So it's not going to be good for Mayor Bowser, Mayor Bowser there.
When you're sitting there, you're in businesses, you're in construction, you drive trucks, you do a lot of things.
Joe, you're in New Hampshire.
It says 200
You plant it.
We have the number one economy anywhere in the world.
It takes a little while to plant, your tax cuts.
Air Force One is two planes.
Brett Guthrie.
It's greater than ever before.
And right now, we have just, on two of your markets, as you know, S&P and NASDAQ, you're at new records.
Thousands and thousands of people have been thrown the hell out of our country.
Winston Churchill.
You don't want that job.
Can we ever call the Commonwealth a state? You have two places.
Following orders from his boss.
I don't know what happened, but we started off with 138, now we're up to 180
People would go to Europe.
He's got my support.
And general Secretary Stoltenberg said it can't be done.
By the way, we just won $7
It will be ready before the end of the year and maybe much sooner than that.
Dan Bishop, everyone.
He did his best debate against crazy Bernie and I got to ask, why did he get better, all of a sudden? What happened? Why, do you have any idea why? I think I know.
There're like 30 cans of soup.
We've done a phenomenal job.
Our campaign chair, Bernie Comfort.
We ended catch and release, stopped asylum fraud, and we've deported 20,000 gang members and we get them out and we get them out fast.
And Scott reported everything about Omar is a fraud, including her name.
Can you imagine our enemies? Three in one term.
And we have now obliterated, we have now captured 100% of the ISIS caliphate.
I want to take care of everyone, everyone.
And Ted, Ted was tough.
And some of those people, some of those people are stone cold killers.
The fake news will never report it, but it could be true.
There's only one way to stop the rabid partisan Democrats, Pennsylvania voters must show up in 2020 so we can take back the House, hold the Senate, and keep the White House.
But we have everything we need right now.
Ohio treasurer Robert Sprague.
I know it well, Westchester County, the suburban, they sometimes, if you say suburban housewife, you're in deep trouble.
Well, poor, pathetic guy.
Can you imagine? And you know a friend of mine said maybe you wouldn't have done as well.
It's a whole different deal.
You can see whenever the hell you want.
Unanimously.
You got them all over the place.
Under President Trump, including the energy savings, and the regulation savings, and the tax cut savings, it's more than $10,000 in less than three years.
When I took over, NASA was a shell of itself.
You've heard that, right? They're going to cut way back on his appearances.
He's got the world's smallest neck.
And I got sleepy, Joe Biden, trying to tell me how to do it.
Thanks honey.
If you look now, Spain is having a big blow up.
We have his son in the audience, too, but this is Representatives Pat Grassley.
In theory, the Democrats automatically win New York, but I do phenomenally in most parts.
Anybody in here a person of faith? Great people.
And that's what you're in right now.
Well, at least you won't have to travel so far for this one, right? Thank you very much for being here.
Well, the poor are doing the best they've ever done.
I watched him today, he used the word folks.
I love Maine, but Maine too, you get one.
We are going to keep on fighting.
And we're living through the insurance policy.
Here's a guy that lied about my statement.
Now, what that's going to do is destroy our country, because two things happen.
They have these people that are like killers.
They want crime.
It's a recent.
The Democrat party's war on cops has already led to surging homicides in Democrat controlled cities.
Paul Junge.
I felt sorry for him.
The House, the Senate, we've never been this United because it's all a hoax and they understand it.
He made up a statement and he delivered it before a contract.
They're going crazy.
Take it easy.
I liked Ronald Reagan, but they never said we love you, or maybe they did.
Right? Think of it.
Media, I'm only kidding.
A wall and a wheel.
Now I don't know if that's right, but well, a lot.
But what we do is we did keep the oil, if you don't mind.
We will pay for it.
Not million.
A federal judgeship is a big deal.
They're always looking for money.
This November we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats that are right down the street.
So when I see that I don't care because I don't… I'm not allowed to have stock.
Congressman, thank you.
A lot of people that you wouldn't even think would care that much.
They're spending because they can't believe … Germany and other countries pay much less than we do.
You can't do that.
Because America is truly a land of heroes, on behalf of the grateful nation I would like to recognize the many veterans of the Vietnam War and the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars who are here this evening, and a lot of them.
You know, you come in, and I've always heard the most important thing a president does, I disagree with this by the way, but that's okay.
It has to… See, it's like a plant.
Support for sanctuary cities is disloyalty to American citizens, and McCready wants sanctuary cities with all of their protections for people that are serious criminals.
Nobody knows because you're all too young.
No, just take a look at the records.
You love to work, but your life was a lot easier in the old days.
Going to school here, we never heard about sanctuary cities, did we? Weeks ago an illegal alien charged with rape, sexual assault of a child, and inflicting serious bodily injury was released by Philadelphia to wander free in your communities.
I hope it doesn't, actually.
We did a branch.
This is the Commonwealth where our union was saved by the heroes of Gettysburg and where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania workers, mined the coal, worked the railroads, forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of world.
You close this, you'll never be able to open it again.
If we had honest press, it would be so great for the USA.
Tonight, I'm in New Hampshire and we can wing it.
He couldn't draw a crowd.
You watch.
That was beautiful, because we get tired of hearing from these politicians all the time.
We landed at 12 o'clock in the evening.
The forgotten men and women of America will never ever be forgotten again.
We're getting out.
But you know what? Honestly, there's tremendous energy in our nation.
But if he gets in, they will open up that whole program.
Put a lot of people in jail that shouldn't be in jail, Weissman.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of Pennsylvania, like nobody has ever stood up before.
She would call me up, Kim, you would call.
Truly, they've made our country great.
And we're not thrilled.
Can you please walk him up, even if you have about five.
He's not smart.
But these kids and these people come from rough places.
Do you agree with it? Because the fake whistleblower said that the call was totally different than what the call was.
They don't want help.
The red cities are doing great.
You're supposed to be Perry Mason.
Remember what I told you about the monuments? This is remembrance.
Got to have a three, call me up.
You know? I do.
We've made it clear that the theft of American jobs and American wealth is over.
There has never been a movement in the history of our country like we have now.
I've never seen them on the … We have them all over the place, and I'm just coming out.
Everything, wrap it in Jerusalem stone.
These guys only fight to tie, they don't fight to win, you fight to win.
One man who, especially over the last year, he has been so great, he couldn't be better.
You know about the death tax, right? It's called the inheritance tax.
No way.
I could read numbers that would be even much better, because a big percentage of the people that died in this country died because New York was incompetently run by Mayor de Blasio and Governor Cuomo.
Our country would be so much better off if we had honest media, really.
You could've kissed many of your industries goodbye.
It would take us 15 minutes to solve the problem.
And I'm deeply honored to have gotten all of those endorsements.
Come on over.
Maine's cut in half.
Then one part, it's automatic, but I can't imagine that particular part is going to be very happy.
Our air and our water are cleaner now than it's ever been with all that we're doing, and we haven't closed up all of our industry, and we haven't closed up our businesses and lost all those jobs.
But said, I've never seen anyone hand out so many subpoenas.
Joe Biden has spent the last 47 years selling out America.
We have many of them going up.
We're going to cancel that Obamacare if we could win the case and we're going to give you great healthcare and we're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office.
I announced the withdrawal of the United States from the horrible, costly, one-sided Paris Climate Accord.
They have early voting, and one of the earliest places, great state, Tennessee, and he was in Pennsylvania with me, great state.
Mayor Pete.
So that's what really… they never gave me the questions.
All you have to do is pick up a paper every day.
I hope the buyer didn't hear what I just said about your house.
We're not against free speech.
Democrat-run, radical left-wing, Democrat, usually run.
It's a good sign.
They choke, they gag, they can't breathe.
And remember that great.
I didn't build them.
Thank you, Mitt.
Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered sciences, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, put a man on the moon and built the most exceptional country in the history of the world.
And by the way, the whistleblower, the whistleblower defrauded our country because the whistleblower wrote something that was totally untrue and we broke up the game.
Very worried.
But MSDNC is worse than CNN, and they're all pretty bad.
All you have to do is act like a stiff, look.
You have not good people in leadership, you haven't had.
I could do anything.
The reason they didn't fight back too much, they don't want to lose their pension.
You know what the other place is? Name it.
I went to Maine.
It's done, that I can tell you.
… We have a lot of your Congressmen right now in Congress.
Also, with us, our Congressman Guy Russian Reschenthaler.
Oklahoma, Texas, North Dakota, and many others will all be out of business.
They weren't investing 25 cents.
We will destroy our country if these people get in.
It's no good.
They don't want to show the tape where he was bragging.
In the next decade, 140 million Indian households will rise to the middle class.
That is why we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic vote in November.
Only with fixed poles does that happen? Unemployment for African Americans.
Thank you very much, great job.
And further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs by 50%, 60% and 70%
If you don't like your job, you find another one.
You're going to catch pneumonia.
And if they do, they probably wouldn't do it anyway because they don't want to go away from what they're doing, which is crazy because it is, they're doing very poorly.
4 million jobs in Pennsylvania alone and to fight the China virus, it's the China virus, not the coronavirus.
They don't even want to spend money on the military.
It's going to be protected.
Ready? Crazy Bernie? Or sleepy Joe? I don't know.
Can you imagine that? I got endorsed by Oklahoma and I got endorsed by Texas and Louisiana.
That's what it is.
It was a big one, it was a bad one.
Southern senator.
And Arizona Republican party State Chair, Kelly Ward.
They don't want to talk about it.
But, one of the biggest issues in this election is, in fact, sanctuary cities.
Could you imagine if this guy's president and your prices start to go way down, hospitalization, doctors, you can choose your own doctor unlike with Obama, right? Price is going way down, January 1st.
I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.
Faster and bigger than anyone thought possible.
And I'm running for your state.
And the Democrats want to dismantle our military.
Democrats have never been farther outside of the mainstream.
We got to get them open.
You know that's like the Academy Awards used to be before it failed.
These are many killers in those gangs, and we're taking them out of our country by the thousands, MS13
These people and the Democrats, they're partners.
They will tell you, these incredible women up here from North Carolina.
He knows a great deal about all those tangled lies of Omar.
And you have all of the infrastructure, so you're being very strongly considered for the Space Command.
I love the scene.
They get two.
He's already gone.
He wants to give prisoners a vote.
And, that's really why I consider this election… Look, we had a very, very special day in 2016
You will have crime like you've never seen before.
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China, my agenda is made in the USA.
The truth is, we need more people.
Seriously you have to see outside.
Brilliant.
By the way, the job they do on people that have been just really hurt, our heroes.
So, with 217, can you imagine that? It's a record and we're going up.
He didn't do anything.
Sleepy Joe, get off the damn stage.
They couldn't get medicine.
Tucker's been very good lately, I have to tell you.
Who are those two showers? Wow.
I admire you greatly, sir, thank you, sir.
It's real easy.
Look, I'm all for it, we have a big weekend, distance on the weekend, and all of that stuff, and wear your mask when you're close together in particular, and wash your hands, all those things.
She is not the right pick, but she was my number one draft pick.
But take a look at what they say about the way they handled the Swine flu.
Everybody has good jobs.
Just to finish in the Middle East, we killed the founder and leader of Isis, Al-Baghdadi.
Just don't worry.
And together, we will make America wealthy again.
The only problem is, Scott, it's incredible talent, much more talented than most of these people that you heard about.
They have a woman in New York who is a terrible congresswoman, you know that.
Does anybody know what that is? Right, you know.
And by the way, I look out, there's a lot of people that … Look at this.
Right Mr.
Let's go here, let's go there, let's go everywhere.
Well actually, we picked up two seats in the Senate that these guys never talk about.
People have been standing outside for two days to get in, so this happens.
I was the only one that wanted to do it, actually.
You know? We want their phones.
Election after election, politicians came to your state pretending to have the courage to stand up for the American worker, then they went to Washington and let other countries push them around, and special interests, buy them off and steal your jobs and take your companies.
Comcast, terrible company.
I came up with that name far too early, I should've just waited.
Drug dealings all over the place.
They'd been doing it since you got in.
He was pathetic.
And we are thrilled to be joined tonight by a lot of your great leaders, a lot of your really wonderful people.
But I was at 269, so I went to Maine.
Because with Bernie he was able to get through.
And by the way, our country is doing great.
They're not really competition for us.
Got to be fair.
And by the way, we're trying to get rid of Obamacare, but we're managing it incredibly, but we're trying to get rid so we can give you a great healthcare plan and protect preexisting conditions.
This week my administration reached a breakthrough agreement to stop additional steel imports from Brazil and from Mexico for the rest of the year despite the USMCA, sometimes they get a little carried away and we have to do a little tariff action on them.
If we didn't do that, you would have had three million people.
You've got Fredo and … That's Cuomo, Fredo.
We're going to make new trade deals that are like sane.
In Joe Biden's America, rioters, looters, and criminal aliens have more rights than law abiding citizens.
All Democrats.
Greatest nation in the world.
Six.
My administration will be by their side through every step.
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring economies and a record prosperity, even greater than last year.
We're not going to stand for it, and man, did we turn things around and we've just started.
But Corey Lewandowski loves your state, loves New Hampshire.
We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending, listen to this, the AIDS epidemic in America within less than 10 years.
I have to tell you.
And together with the incredible people of Minnesota, and you know what's going to be operating at strength? Because I owe it to these incredible mayors that were so nice to me.
But one of the things they did, first of all, we did much better.
These are disasters.
Their warriors.
Biden didn't agree, he didn't, they just told him what's happening.
I hear everyone didn't like me.
We've taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's trade abuse, and I just announced another 10% tariff on $300 billion worth of Chinese products that come into our country.
Sign this.
You have to be prepared for the worst, but hopefully it will all amount to very little.
Remember 8
They weren't even broken.
And then he was going to be able to negotiate.
It was all set to close.
And then they don't do the proper job.
And I want to just tell you that you have incredible representatives, and the job that Matt Bevin has done as governor, he's had to do some things that you had to do.
Ready? In other words, who do I want to run against? Meaning … very simple.
Look at those guys.
They did that seven times.
They throw it into the garbage can.
They'd say Trump has lost it.
Last year, the Democrat controlled New Hampshire house blocked legislation that would have banned sanctuary cities in your state.
We'll see how the hell we do.
So we're re-filing it.
He was responsible for murdering and maiming thousands and thousands of Americans, and hundreds of thousands of other people.
Congratulations, sir.
We are right now energy independent, can you believe it? They want to use wind, wind, wind.
I want to bring up a man, and I'm serious about this.
You know what you do? You hear it because you can't have … You know when sleepy Joe Biden, he's got the circles.
Is the whistleblower a spy? And who is the IG that did this? All he had to do is look at the tape or look at what they wrote down, the transcribed version of the phone call.
They can't breathe, aw.
He's right.
You know why they don't want a wall? Because I want it.
The United States and India will make our nations stronger, our people wealthier, our dreamers bigger, and our future brighter than ever before, and it won't even be close.
Good, I heard you did.
So Biden's put forward a platform that would end America as we know it.
The single greatest mistake our country made in its history was going in to the quicksand of the Middle East.
I'm going to look forward to it.
Great spirit.
The kid got $3 million dollars, 83,000 a month and he didn't have a job until his father became vice president.
We're going to find out.
We will surprise medical billing require, it's already done.
If we win, America wins.
Lot of guts.
But that was from North Carolina.
Hopefully everything's going to be great.
It's okay, because now the gloves are off.
Jim Marchant is a great guy and hopefully he's going to win and you're going to carry them over and you need it, you need it.
But the Democrats don't want the vaccine.
I can't be certain that many but it's a lot, okay? I always have to preface it because there'll be headlines, Trump didn't tell the truth.
They want to have all the things that we talk about, why wouldn't they want Trump more than anybody else? The other side is going to go the opposite.
It's level like this.
No, but he was the World Champion tree climber.
Biden got it.
But the military was great.
Look if you win, nobody cares what room you're in.
We took 100% of the ISIS caliphate and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, Al-Baghdadi.
Now you don't have to wait.
Since my election, we have created over 6 million new jobs.
We are defending your right to keep your plan.
They were incredible.
5 billion people and we have 350 so he should be number one.
It went on for 45 minutes.
By the way, do you know what? I say it against the fake news, because you know what they're going to say.
That's a big point and they came over and they voted for me instead of Crooked Hillary which was a very nice thing.
And, I did.
For half a century, Joe Biden shook hands with blue collar workers, and then he turned around and immediately stabbed them in the back.
She got it figured out, but most people can't, but she does.
Got to be careful with those ballots, watch those ballots.
Andrea Zupancich, where is she? Where's Andrea? Thank you very much.
We have choice, we have accountability.
So I go home to our great First Lady.
But it was all because of specialty milk and the way you were taken advantage of by Canada.
Unlike Minnesota thank you very much.
They have been so great, so they worked so hard and I just want to thank you all for being here tonight.
Wait a minute.
You have areas where there's so much water, you don't know what to do with it.
From poverty to prosperity.
We got it done.
I watched the Democrat debates, right? I watched them up there and he was so bad.
There is nothing that the dirty political establishment hates more than a president that they cannot intimidate, own and control.
They're already starting.
You're going to win on everything you touch.
Deaths went down.
Will I vote for the Democrat? The Democrat was so bad to you.
Bomb.
I'll take it.
And just hope they remember you every once in a while.
You own all these name name brand drugs that are making so much money.
Is that a fact? 175? I think he's on his way.
I'm telling you about so many other things.
They don't have any clue.
Just so you know, China's paying us tens of billions of dollars a month.
And if that's the case, some really bad things happen, because he made a total fool out of himself.
Great leaders, and they love Texas.
I don't have a limp.
We're rebuilding our military.
With us, nobody's touching our Second Amendment.
We're also joined by Donald, Jr.
I'm not going to do it.
They're not leaving anymore.
They advocate only economic surrender.
One wants open borders.
Down nine.
I get a call from the governor and Dan is there.
I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House.
And nobody's done it like we've done it.
And as a result of our nonstop efforts, and billions and billions of dollars invested, last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths, and it was a very big decline in nearly three decades.
It was like this.
Just tell them I don't want the planes.
They're only doing it to affect your November 3rd great election.
I understand that it's about your family.
Are we glad I ran for office? I think so.
We're so sorry he said that.
We're down to 2,000 soldiers in Iraq.
Long, long wars.
We're going to use both, but Keep America Great.
But I've warned the Ayatollah and the government of Iran that they must not harm, hurt, or kill any protesters.
I'm telling you.
Treasury but nobody's ever done this before.
It's now stronger, more powerful, more lethal than ever before.
Emolument, nobody ever heard that word, emolument.
And the press will not write it.
They want to talk.
He's a fighter, he loves this country, he's doing great things for this country, and we got to win this election again, ladies and gentlemen.
Is that okay? I don't want to have a problem with men.
I'd be the meanest man in history.
I've never seen anything like the treatment that Justice Kavanaugh received.
So where is Dan Scavino? Where is Scavino? Does anyone know who Dan Scavino is? Dan, bring me those pages up here.
We really appreciate it.
They've gone crazy.
I'm the one that says open it up, let's play football.
What they do on television is so disgusting.
I never say this.
You are the most incredible, brilliant financial mind.
And it's… Wait.
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years betraying the African American community.
Joe Biden has refused to list the names of his potential justices because he knows they're too extreme to withstand any form of public review.
150 million! That means 50% of our country.
But we took care of the VA with Veterans Choice.
He watches every one of these rallies.
Remember President Obama? 28 times, remember 28 times, they counted them and there's much more than that I would imagine, that you can choose your plan, you can choose your doctor.
We built the greatest economy in the history of the world and we are doing it again.
You have only one choice.
And again, Tucker's been very good I have to say.
That's like one of many, many things.
Biden has called to end cash bail, you know that right, for vicious criminals? Meaning if you assault a copy or anybody else, you're right back on the street the next day.
No, no.
And, I like him, and we used to fight like hell, right? But, we don't fight anymore.
So it's great that we're getting them new ships.
It was a big thing.
But we've all done the great job.
But maybe that could be Rick, because they still don't have any idea what he got.
Say no and walk.
Why would we lose Michigan? Look at this.
You can't go to church, you can't do anything.
He'll just be locked up in a room someplace, and the radical left is going to be running our country.
We've tested now 25 million people.
Everything was negative.
This is the guy I'm running against.
But they still, so the New York Times had to put out a major apology, and they had to change their story.
Because China devalued their currency and then they put a lot of money into the pot.
We had the best numbers anybody's ever had.
The economic miracles taking place today are just beginning.
And Dana brought along a few of his friends and these are not people you want to pick a fight with.
Other than that, he was a very fine fellow, for crimes including assault and child abuse, yet somehow they kept letting him go and he was still in our country.
They couldn't even think about doing it, and they tried, although I don't think they tried too hard, bur they could have never done it.
When rioting and looting broke out in our nation's Capitol, I very quickly deployed the National Guard.
We can fire them now.
The lowest rate in all of America.
We're building a lot of ships now.
But I know we're going to win, so it's not going to matter.
Right here in New Jersey, your state's Democrat leaders have instituted sanctuary policies that result in dangerous predators being set free into your community.
We're working with your great governor Greg Abbott, Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, Attorney General Ken Paxton and senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz.
And then the jacket comes off and you see these two little … And they go home and they live in a basement too, their mom and dad's basement.
And they don't want criminals coming across.
This is going to be big tonight.
We believe in the dignity of work and in the sanctity of life.
Are you having a good time, sir? I think you are.
That's what we have.
And he was jobless.
That was a great job, thank you, Kevin McCarthy.
Canceled culture.
She was like a dropping rock in water.
We virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax.
Nobody's running against us in so many states.
And we sent them polls, poll after poll after poll.
Like, can you believe it, in one week they nominated me, not for one, but for two Nobel prizes.
In this region … … thousand soldiers protecting our border.
They're all going to come.
We got to go Republican all the way.
We've gotten rid of so many different things that you have no idea, but you know what? If we don't win, they can put it back, and with the things that we did put in, which are many, many, many things, many things, our military, our vets, everything, with all of the things that we put in, it's like a tree, it takes a little while to grab on.
Now it's a disgrace what's happened.
If we wouldn't have closed it, we would've been talking two and a half or three million.
Only in Colorado could somebody say that.
I ask a couple of guys and I never really get an answer.
Richard used to call me up five, six years ago.
Biden- No that was really great.
He never won a point, he lost everything.
I got them to take 8,000 National Guardsmen.
That's what it is called, favored nation clause.
Virtually every Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth.
I was very impressed.
So the Biden's got rich while America got robbed.
You know what's happening, you know what's going on.
I guarantee you that.
In a part of the wall, a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall, and the fire department had to come and take them down.
We thank you, we love you and I want you to know my administration is fighting for you each and every day.
Good night everybody.
Only way.
Greg Murphy and Dan Bishop, they didn't choke, they're fantastic.
I tell this story all the time.
And we'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
That's never happened before.
This room wasn't designed for this many people.
Remember when Barbara Streisand, she's another beauty, by the way.
And here's the big thing.
We'll have over 500 miles of wall built sometime next year.
That's a big area, even in an ocean, right? It's massive.
I'm so proud of that.
They're meeting the President.
I haven't liked you, but to be honest with you, Mr.
What the hell, at this point, might as well, let them come on over.
That's what we do, right? So these really countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes dictators, those we can't deal with too much.
She wasn't too happy with me last year.
But we can't let that happen.
And you can forget your tobacco industry, you can forget your farmers.
Well, let's see what happens.
It's us.
I hear good things, Derrick.
They grabbed them.
But they're very happy with their wall.
The average unemployment rate, under my administration, listen to this, is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country.
I proudly signed the brand new US-Mexico-Canada agreement in July.
They want to open.
Nobody going to mess with them.
That's not nice, even for me.
And you know why? Because Governor Cuomo will not let a pipeline go across the tip of New York State so that oil and gas, of which we have plenty, can come.
Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God.
But I've been rough on them.
And I got it done, but that's the way it is.
We lost so much.
Diseases are coming back that this world hasn't seen for 30, 40, 50 years.
And veterans' unemployment has dropped to a record low.
By the way, I was endorsed by New York's finest and we're with them all the way.
And I got it approved about 11 months ago.
But you know what? The people can hear the crowd.
We want people coming in, but they have to come in, only they have to come in through merit.
We will never let it happen.
This guy you're going to have Portland's all over this country.
I used to be a believer in the other, but I think winning … It's like you're a track star.
In Virginia, they want to take your guns away.
I'll say it again if you'd like me to, two things if you come back in a thousand years, 2000 years, or 3000 years.
James is good.
Forget it.
I got a reel on him.
He was sleepy a long time ago, but now he's really sleeping.
The Democrats' push against our police will drive up crime and drive up costs at levels you'd never believe.
In three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%, fixed our disastrous trade deals, and brought jobs and factories back to the great state of Ohio.
And Accountability.
Right up until the moment of birth.
This guy doesn't know he's alive.
My plan is to arrest them.
We've actually become even closer since he's become the President of the United States.
The good news is we're having the best times in history in our country.
Right? Ain't that true? And she left the company.
So, thank you.
I'll see you later.
And this was one of the richest nations in the world.
They're paid for by outside stupid rich people that … They're stupid people.
All of them helped.
I love the people of Italy, but they were heavily infected.
That was a wonderful day for me.
Since coming into office, I have reduced refugee resettlement by 85%, and as you know, maybe especially in Minnesota, I kept another promise.
And they're seeing a spike.
We worked out deals with every one of them.
I'd like to say 20 years, but it's much more than that.
And in the Senate, other than Romney, we got 52 to nothing, 52 to nothing.
We'll have, some time next year, over 500 miles of beautiful, powerful wall built.
Thank you, Lee.
The day I did it, and Tom was there, a man, I don't know who he is, he's probably in this massive audience, but he came up to me and he was a rough guy and he never cried in his life, including at childbirth.
Oh, I didn't know I was in Wisconsin.
Half of all border patrol agents are Hispanic Americans, I was just with them.
It's wrong.
See the beast.
And I'll choose only from that list.
But we did a great job, it was an amazing thing.
The Kurds are going to be happy, ISIS is going to be unhappy.
We're talking about 500 billion, they were taking it.
We rebuilt the awesome power of the US military.
It's also why we need four more years.
You can't do anything.
I mean, it helped that I gave you $28 billion in all fairness, right? If I didn't do that, and I took it all from China, it was very easy.
It was a joke, everybody was laughing, but they refused to go that extra quarter of a second.
Now we have brand new jets.
Not nearly as bad as others.
See I put a tweet out because it's easier than making a phone call and talking for a half hour, thanks Brian.
So I came up with this incredible plan.
He's 100 and he looks good.
He did nothing and he got nominated.
I've been going through it now for more time than I've been in office.
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, January 1st.
And they worked one job versus two or three jobs.
No, he signed an executive order shutting it down.
I never had that before.
We have a lot leftover, but we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America.
They call it loopholes.
But we're draining that sucker slowly but surely.
I don't care if he uses a teleprompter, you know what bothers me? That means the fake news is giving him the questions.
It wasn't a pretty picture.
Then it became Russia and you know what? They've done a good job with energy and so has Saudi Arabia done a good job with energy.
Today's Democrats believe anyone who opposes them must be crushed.
You know, I'm supposed to watch.
She said she was an Indian because she had high cheekbones.
We've confirmed more than 125 federal judges to apply the law as written, including two supreme court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh.
They don't like the gas.
Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mothers womb.
They right now have 27,000 soldiers on our borders.
All right? We're going to be doing it.
The Nittany Lions, they're doing pretty well too and the incredible American Patriots just like you, you are Patriots.
Together we will lift millions more citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
Yucca mountain, please.
And it's my honor.
Instead I work my ass off up here, okay? Yeah.
Today, I like it a lot.
It was heading in the wrong direction.
They even have a provision where you don't have to verify signatures.
Under just three years of by administration, 3
We have ended that program.
Great people, they just never saw anybody they wanted to vote for.
It all left the state of Michigan.
Let me tell you, I'm going to make a very fast deal.
Hey, look, look at last time, the fake dirty dossier.
I want to see it.
Based on that, you know what? I never stopped you.
You see what's happening in California.
What a crowd, what a crowd.
You can't win Michigan.
Just leave it the way it is.
I really appreciate it.
And when you read about deportation and Sunday, we've got a lot of people on Sunday, but we have a lot of people… and we're always shooting for the bad ones first.
I gave them everything.
I don't talk about my ass.
It just came out.
You catch them.
8 billion out their window.
But they weren't allowed to do the job for us, and they went wild.
You know what she's worth? Zero ratings.
President, they tried to beat you on Russia, Russia, Russia.
We put a brand new wall up.
We got to straighten out our immigration laws.
He said it.
I like my foreign policy.
That crazy Nancy.
Thank you, Martha.
Thank you, James.
And Republicans will always support the heroes of ICE, border patrol and our great law enforcement.
That's Duffy, in case anybody … And they was running and we did a lot of work for him, and it was great.
And then I got calls from the biggest people in the world.
You have records.
Trent Kelly, Michael Guest.
He was off shoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military, and sacrificing your children's future to China and other faraway lands.
They had some rough times since then.
You can forget it.
We're friends.
Never happened before.
A shutdown we'll destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of American.
Ben Carson, good man, he was down.
I hear we're doing well.
He seems to be leading.
Now, I don't want to give them any ideas, because they'll search all over the country for a vet who's unhappy.
After being set free the same criminal raped, brutalized and murdered a 92 year old woman.
Forget the country for a second, you have the best economy you've ever had, you have your best unemployment numbers, you had the most people working than at any time in the history of your state, you have your best black unemployment numbers, best Hispanic unemployment numbers, best women unemployment numbers, best Asian unemployment numbers.
I'll be going to California tomorrow.
We want to put the violent criminals behind bars and we have to ensure the future belongs to America, not to China, not to other very terrible forces out there, because if we win, very simply America wins.
That's the way they do it.
I mean, I get that too.
Communism's really bad.
Right there, and he's very far away from me.
Korea, I renegotiated the deal.
You've had presidents, they never put America first.
Tremendous guy, really successful.
Having a great memory, but sometimes you take little clues.
We'll be with the governor.
I don't know what's going on.
We have the best people in the world, but they had old equipment.
But they're not looking for that.
They don't want to say it.
The plans of every Democrat running for President would demolish the economy of New Jersey, where half a million new New Jersey workers are employed at some of the best and most innovative health care employment companies.
President Obama tried, he couldn't get it done.
He said until president Trump came along, we were going, boom.
Check out Omar, check out Omar, get to that great writer, he should get… Oh, so the New York Times won all these Pulitzer prizes, right? I was going to tell you before.
If I would have said that, nobody would have believed it.
We take care of the bill.
You know what that is, they choked.
He wants to get rid of your second amendment.
I mean, we're going to be announcing it on Friday or Saturday.
Unlike Biden, I'll always stand with the heroes of law enforcement.
You don't have to wear masks, you don't have to do anything.
Oh, good riddance.
On November 3rd, Nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, and we're doing it.
I will let them have it like you've never heard before.
Joe Biden's agenda is made in China.
We had to do it, we had to do it.
We'll be losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year to China.
President, I'd like to congratulate you on the incredible economy that you've created.
You got the perfect first lady.
So they're not exactly happy.
Don't forget, last time I talked, I said we're going to give you a tax cuts, I gave you.
No blood.
We have no idea, now we do now, but people would come in by the hundreds of thousands.
President.
Should I say it? Yeah, why not.
She loved doing it, she from day one, but she thought it was what Schiff said.
And the only one I could think of is Ted, because he's going to get 50 Republican votes and he's going to get 50 Democrat votes.
That's going to be bigger than healthcare in a certain way.
You focus.
Think of that.
Right? Except these young ones.
Under us, but we are building weapons, all made in the USA.
5-million votes, and we won.
Wonderful.
The largest amount.
I can tell you right now.
Greg Stanton.
Believe me, we like the environment more than anybody.
And Henry, please stand, please.
It'll be faster.
They want to kill our cows.
But Americans, across the political spectrum, were disgusted by the Washington Democrats, the partisan hoaxes, the witch hunts, the con jobs.
They're going to be here to get out the vote.
It's a very, very outstanding senator.
Weeks ago we also signed a fantastic new trade agreement with China that will boost New Jersey exports and defend New Jersey jobs.
It was crashing.
Fred Ducette and Lou Gargiulo.
Proud and great citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country.
Make it electric.
It's going up fast.
Then, they hid her body in a water drain.
The sixth branch of the United States Armed forces, the Space Force.
And our guys played a practice game with them was it a couple of weeks before, and I hate to tell you the score was 10 to 3, and the USA was not on top, and this team was an incredible team and they went in and it was amazing, but tomorrow marks the 40 years since the United States men's hockey team defeated then Soviet Union team in the 1980 Olympics.
We are aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and we've done great … Look, until you get rid of it, you never did great, but we have done numbers that nobody thought possible.
You look at Russia.
00 to $25,000
Everyone's swinging or they end up standing up.
We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of Nevada, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Nobody knows that, but he's a fake.
And then the number came out, 225,000
Bernie never dreamt that this was possible, crazy Bernie.
So, you're back.
And it was such a disgusting thing.
We're working with our veterans, we're taking care of our veterans like nobody's ever taken care of our veterans.
They didn't know what they were doing.
Is it a possibility we'll use both? Maybe one a little bit less.
We take it away.
You have that, and so you have the Democrats, you have the media, their partners.
So dig in, dig in, dig we must, right? It's all going because of me.
But our Hispanic population knows our Southern border better than anybody else.
We're a very big party.
It's one America.
They know his policies will be the downfall of America and they know my policies will lift America to new heights of national greatness like we've never seen before.
But now Biden is recklessly campaigning against his vaccine.
Very dishonest people, very dishonest.
They have not treated Minnesota right.
You saw them in the plane, right? Some of them were getting out of their pajamas.
He's tough.
I said, you know, today, we just hit the highest stock price in the history of our country.
You rip down a $5 million statue and you got a $10 fine.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
But you remember it was going to be a nuclear war, and I got along with him.
These people are the worst, the worst.
Number two, look at the vote.
And they didn't touch it.
They're going to go nuts.
In our glorious battle to win American independence, George Washington.
Oh would we love that? You think the Democrats are screwed up? Wait until that happens.
We've created more than 110,000 new mining jobs, and thanks to states like Ohio the United States is now the number one producer of oil, the number one producer of natural gas, the number one everything having to do with energy.
It's a little more expensive.
It was so big.
So what I want to do… Go home to Mommy.
These are tough guys, they have to be tough.
Sayonara.
You'll have crime like you've never seen.
In addition to replacing NAFTA, I've taken the toughest ever action against China's trade abuses.
All of a sudden, everybody fell into line.
One year was much higher than the 70,000 number.
A lot of friends you have.
They paid $150 billion, 1
If you would do a newscast that's conservative, I'd get them a host.
Here's another one.
You better get yourself a new prosecutor in this place, I want to tell you.
I can tell you the unemployment numbers for women are the best they've been now in 72 years.
We're sorry.
A record number of 217 federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written.
In a matter of weeks.
And now we have to do it again to keep it going.
You should run.
We're all united by the same love of our great country.
That's plenty.
Some of these people with these crazy laws that you have.
5 million people have joined the workforce and nobody believed that was possible.
We build a lot of wall.
Come here, come here.
Over the last three and a half years, we've secured America's borders, fixed our broken trade deals, and they were broken like you've never seen.
He was nasty, man.
We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States.
You're a good man.
You know, if you shoot a bald eagle, they put you in jail for a long time, but the windmills knock them out like crazy.
We're bringing back factories.
I heard coming over here they're still working on the count.
You got Pocahontas is rising.
So if you die in 100 years from now, and you have children who you love as opposed to children that you can stand … is anybody here they have children that they don't like, or perhaps can't stand? Because if you do, don't listen to the rest of this.
Come on up here.
And she's wasting all of her time.
They think that the Washington swamp, which we believe it or not, it ain't easy, because they got so much stacked, including these guys.
But these are great people that they have so many people at the UFC and they've been big fans of us.
Our base is bigger.
You know, I saved myself so much money.
And then she goes around and calls us all like what the hell are we? And she controls Nancy Pelosi.
Got to keep the White House.
We closed up.
She ought to go home and take care of the homeless and take care of the filth and everything.
You have to be able to answer.
That's true, by the way.
It was a lot of money.
Under Obama, they knew immediately, okay.
Later on it was said to be a great move.
Joe Biden would be… So Joe Biden would be a disaster for all communities, not just the Hispanic communities, pledged to wage attacks on Catholic organizations, like the Little Sisters of the Poor that we're helping.
I was against the Iraq war.
I thought it was a much lower number.
They didn't think of coming, but they see this, they talk and they talk to their friends and they all come in.
We are building the wall faster than ever, and we will soon be rebuilding more than one mile a day.
Just take a look, Space Force, by itself, that would be a major achievement, and with us, we did so many things, so many things.
And hello, Tupelo.
If he puts forth a highly qualified candidate, we will impeach him.
C.
And by the way, so is Doug Collins, and so John Ratcliffe.
We're at 180,000
This is true, Tim.
And I have seen that dirty rotten swamp better than anybody else in America.
It saved a lot of money.
We kept America out of new wars and we're bringing our troops back home, and they're coming home very rapidly.
So they got to vote, on the USMCA.
They smear justice, Brett Kavanaugh, and they are … Did you see anything like that? Justice Kavanaugh.
They want me to call up, maybe go over there, let me go over to Congress, or come on over to the White House, let's talk about it.
And Pelosi beats them but she shakes and quivers and she's very soft.
Isn't that beautiful? All the news that is not fit to print.
One little glass of water, boom, those magnets are gone.
These are serious fans, right? Are you with him? Are you with him? Are you with him? You're with him? Come on.
Where's Lee? Lee, come up if you want.
You're not going to want to do that.
They don't want open borders.
Just in case she loses, we have an insurance policy! We're in the insurance policy right now folks! We've been in it for three years, that's what they meant.
Now you have a President who's standing up for America, we are standing up for Minneapolis, and we are standing up for the great state of Minnesota.
We turn to the right, they sue us.
Every year we lost money for years and years.
So we take them back by the thousands, by the thousands.
All of those great generals, all of those great admirals, our great vice president, Mike Pence, they did a fantastic job.
This is in the Bernie Sanders, crazy Bernie, you know crazy Bernie.
I mean, he's being … He's going to be pushed around.
At my direction, the United States military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist.
And Pulitzer association, the committee should ask for those prizes back.
But now I see buy American.
Now they go on and they go and they go outside and they find a doctor and we take care of our great veterans.
Right? We pass criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life.
I don't.
I don't think there's any law enforcement officer that is against us.
Now we know it affects elderly people with heart problems and other problems.
This is too much fun.
Let's do a little poll.
Nobody should have died.
And we're stopping surprise medical bills and making everything transparent.
It's really okay.
Can't be too got.
And they've taken advantage of our country for many, many years.
She's jumping up and down.
African-Americans, the best numbers that we've ever had in the history of our country.
So they didn't pay.
They decapitated a statue of Christopher Columbus, except in New York when the Italians surrounded it.
We are fighting the lobbyists and special interests.
They cut up a young woman and her friend, cut them up with a knife because it was more painful.
Some of the results are incredible.
They're never going to open again.
Representative Lloyd Smucker.
It's the only way.
I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's pillaging and plundering of American jobs.
We want to put violent criminals behind bars.
You know what? I was right.
They're pouring out money, the prices haven't gone up.
Now it's vibrant.
The legislation will also officially establish something that's so important to me because it's where it's at.
And you know this.
Nancy Pelosi, go home and fix your district, Nancy.
We can take care of our vets.
Nobody likes him.
Can you believe it? We were going to spend 1
Every day of my presidency, we will never forget that we are Americans and the future belongs to us.
So when I said release it… And I don't like doing that because you're releasing it, it's a conversation with a foreign leader, in this case, a very fine gentlemen, president of Ukraine, the new president of Ukraine.
Now it's the number one space center in the world by far.
Okay, you know who he'd put in charge.
And let me tell you, if for some reason I wouldn't have won the election, these markets would have crashed.
Someday it's going to be Jefferson, someday it's going to be Benjamin Franklin.
He's telling us how to run our country.
They'll figure it out long before him.
I don't like it.
Biden is fueling the violence with his relentless attacks on police and his constant slander that America is racist.
And you think it's easy getting that kind of money to build a wall when I have a whole party and a deep State and some never-Trumpers? They're a dying breed though.
Minnesota would be well promoted.
I will never allow the IRS to be used as a political weapon, except in the case of myself where they use it against me.
A lot of times it's not worth it, but I got to fight for fairness.
And I'm telling other countries, I'm sorry, you're going to have to pay now.
They come in, they think they're going to listen to the speech, they end up sitting on a round table discussing… They must've been happy, right? We don't have enough room for round tables.
If you want to keep America safe, just vote Republican.
And frankly, if they're not, I'm not going to introduce them, okay? But we have some great leaders, and you have great leaders in Texas.
Look, they won't show it.
Because our laws are so bad, they're so pathetic.
He's a winner.
I took out an old ordinance, a very old one, because today in Congress, you don't get things like that today.
It was for president.
It's Iowa, right? No, it's Wisconsin.
Because they did the exit polls going out, right? And I was even told, but a lot of people didn't want to talk about it.
No, but the wall is great.
You know what the loopholes are, right? How about catch and release? You catch them.
We support the Iranian people and their courageous struggle for freedom.
Now I say basically, very simple, do us a favor, our country.
When a guy like shifty Schiff, he's a corrupt politician, he made up my statement because… See, I did one thing very good, as soon as I heard about this deal, I released my statement immediately, but he had already made horrible statements.
Some people that have really been helpful to me, Corey Lewandowski, David Bussey, and Pam Bondi, right here.
Today it's too narrow.
The whole world got hit, but they stopped it from going into the rest of China.
It's really, let it be a bipartisan deal.
Number one.
Think of it, 27,000
Steve, if you had a windmill anywhere near your house you would've gotten one third of the price you got, Steve.
Hopefully you have them.
But two brave guys, two great politicians.
That helps.
I never have liked you, and you never have liked me, but you're going to support me because you're a rich guy.
I got the one yesterday from Chicago.
And don't forget, look at the floor, and then you go out.
We're just on it, and thank you very much Secretary Bernhardt.
Wall.
Right? Can't let it happen, folks.
Another one was 118
She hired this company and they went out and did a blood test.
And they had 129
Ohio Lieutenant Governor, Jon Husted.
Once more just quick.
Get that camera off, or it's going to be you job.
By the way, he made a mistake.
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, and two agendas for the future.
We begin this campaign tonight with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for the people of New Hampshire and for the people of America.
We've done so much for our country.
It's so simple, everybody knows it.
We love our nation, our nation is great today.
And if you think you have a lot of people in this room, all you have to do is go outside.
Number one in the world, the mass murder of American troops and many other people throughout the world, Qasem Soleimani is dead.
We need all sorts of things.
So you know, before I introduce somebody very important to all of us, to me… Also, I have to say with us tonight is an Arizona hockey great, a friend of mine.
I don't really want to do that.
Also, 10% at 12%, all different tariffs.
Their ratings aren't good.
I canceled the so called Clean Power Plan, and repealed Obama's federal coal moratorium.
Although, not if I were your president.
We're not doing that.
I wonder what they say when they go down the road and they see these groups of 200 people.
We won Michigan and the great Ronna McDaniel … where is Ronna? Where is Ronna? Ronna, she was so horrible.
Joe Biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents.
In other words, the Democrats want to completely annihilate New Mexico's economy.
Didn't Clinton get 41 or 43%? Give me a break.
I'm running for reelection to bring prosperity to Nevada, to the whole country.
They're gone.
And all they did was get a lot of money because they're very successful, and that's okay I guess.
Everything's going to be down the tubes, so whether you love me or hate me, you got to vote for me.
Cash, cash, cash.
They had one of the crazy papers, New York Times.
They're not going to be leaving your community, going to Mexico, making a product, selling the product back in, not being taxed at the border.
He doesn't even know where China is, in my opinion.
And now after and a half years now that the Russia witch hunt is dead, a big fat disgusting fraud, the Congressional Democrats are pushing the impeachment witch hunt having to do with Ukraine, but that's already failing.
You know, I had a political decision.
But do you think, when I'm making a call to a newly-elected president of a country, that I would say something improper when I know there are so many people listening on the line? Many people.
They're very brave.
But earlier today in the White House, I had the honor of awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom, that's the highest civilian award, to someone who truly embodies the American dream, baseball legend, the greatest, by the way, the greatest relief pitcher of all time, you look at those records, Mariano Rivera.
Frankly, if he had a little more support, he would have won the last time.
Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, sane, and lawful system of immigration.
Very special.
The only message these radicals, and they are radical lefties, will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020
Now, he is difficult.
Look how happy our vets are with choice.
I had a choice, do we run it well or do we run it poorly? If we run it poorly everyone's going to blame me.
When your wife sounds relieved.
Two days ago, the Unites States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict, and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home.
They have a strong immune system.
Globalist politicians lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to rob our factories, steal our farms and ransack our communities.
This one, I better not say.
So many things.
Some people are being, many people are being saved.
Because I'm always surprised.
When they target our farmer, I give our farmers that money that they've been targeted and our farmers are thrilled.
Where's Hunter? Where is he? With no experience, no knowledge of energy, no job, got thrown out of the military… You know he got thrown out, by the way.
5 billion.
To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we pass bi-partisan, criminal justice reform.
The worlds tallest manager but he's the best manager.
They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from coming out here and coming into the US, in Europe and the rest of the world, 188 countries.
Look at this guy.
Please, darling, I want to go to bed.
He's going to have a big victory.
See now he calls me Mr.
But if you vote for me, I'm the difference, and I'm the wall.
It was so easy.
My administration will not rest until you have fully recovered, restored, and rebuilt and I know you will come back with the same tremendous spirit that we have shown every single time, every time there's been a problem.
While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security.
You'll be able to go and price other hospitals, other doctors.
You get a Jesse Waters.
Our nuclear arsenal, and hopefully, hopefully we never have to even look at it, our nuclear arsenal is at a level that it's never ever been before, and we have to have it there, but we never want to use it.
She's a hundred percent crooked.
The right to keep and bear arms, we'll protect your second amendment.
That's what they're talking about.
Since my election, over 125,000 new jobs have been created right here in Nevada, including over 40,000 new Nevada manufacturing and construction jobs.
You try putting AOC in judge of your energy.
Should have been started in the last administration.
And we further recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, 52 years.
The only one they didn't think was President Trump.
Then two months later, two and a half, three, and Nancy Pelosi was having dances in Chinatown, right? A month later.
And it's a great deal.
And better.
They're able to save it by bringing it back right to where it took off.
But I can be bad to him because he put the most vicious ad on television that I've ever seen.
It's a disgrace, but let's see what happens.
Proud citizens like you, helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country.
And I say it all the time, and that's what makes me happy.
We went into Minneapolis, we solved the problem like you wouldn't believe.
Right? So anyway, but just to finish, there's no way that I'm nine points down.
I don't like to bring it up because he's gone zone, but he comes from Texas.
I was the Man Of The Year in Michigan.
Going to be close.
The Democrats want to raise your taxes.
To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most.
We had fighter jets that were 35 years old.
How stupid these people are.
And these judges will apply the law as written, including we appointed two great Supreme Court Justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh.
Did you see the other day where drug dealers got caught at the top? They couldn't get over.
There's a lot of truth in that one.
They're moving to the United States, unbelievable company.
He's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it.
It's out of habit, but I think the habits, we're breaking those habits very quickly.
I was recently honored to be endorsed by 54 sheriffs throughout this state, and we're joined by many of them tonight.
But they say we had a smattering of people.
She panicked, and she had a test.
We did great in New Hampshire.
We have today 27,000 Mexican soldiers on the border protecting our country.
I did that off of Maine, I did that in two weeks, okay? Took me two weeks.
You have to look at the D.
Like a three, three anything, but got to have a three in front of it.
Your constitution will be worthless.
One of the best.
The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history.
So we went, we went, and we're driving.
We've already started the process.
What do you think? Well, I think 60,000
That's why they call him Mayor Pete, right? Mayor Pete.
You look at General Flynn, look, he's still going through it.
You don't have to pay for anything.
He's going to be a great governor.
I can't.
So we go to the arenas but because of China, the arenas aren't working out too well, right? You can't really do that anymore for a while but we are rounding the turn, I will tell you, we're rounding the turn on that but because of that … So we said where because we have the same crowds.
They destroyed your jobs.
They're proud and they're tough people, and they'll go right into a pack.
And that was because his general was killed who's going to lead Gettysburg.
Zero, zero.
Last month, as you know, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost American exports $250 billion worth of purchases, $50 billion worth of farm agricultural purchase, $50 billion.
There'll be no more gas.
Governor Inslee ought to get his act together, get in there, I'll help you, I'll do whatever you want.
It was disgraceful.
America is thriving like never before.
Nobody.
The ties between our two nations are grounded in our common values and our shared commitment to democracy.
Look at that hat.
They'd traveled to Asia if they had money.
You take a look.
Biden supported every disastrous globalist sellout for over a half a century, including NAFTA, China, and DPP.
Did you ever see that movie, A Star is Born? Thank you, Daniel.
But we lose 500 billion, not million.
We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years.
You have everything I can do.
He might even be hotter than Trump right now, I have to say.
So I just want to… Thank you.
Bombed.
Okay? But the whistleblower is gone.
But we did the right thing.
I'm xenophobic? I wanted it closed and nobody else did.
But it screwed up the whole works because most guys would never do that.
Check out the $2 million please, check it out, check it out.
Remember that beautiful scene? They lined up, they went down, there was no social distancing in between these great, tough guys.
Sir, we'd like to buy a nuclear submarine.
You know what I got? I have a thousand people here.
It's peace and its recognition of Israel and all of the things, nobody thought it could be done.
We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life.
This is a great group of Republican people, but more importantly, it's a great group of winners.
Her husband went boating.
And I'm proud to say that they've achieved the most secure border, our border patrol, in the history of the United States of America.
Nearly 600,000 Americans came into the labor force last month alone.
He glued the bones together.
You'll get to hear the real facts.
I can't believe it never got released, but now we can talk about it, because it's three years ago.
This poor guy probably signed a hundred of them and each one's a disaster.
So is our nation mourns the loss of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, I will soon announce a nominee for the United States Supreme Court.
And we did it.
He's got so much money, he doesn't know what the hell to do with it.
And by the way, no president should ever have to go through what I've gone through either.
It will be solid.
No, really.
Watch it, be poll watchers when you go there.
And you know, he talks about like, well, he's going to do this.
We took over.
It was unlucky.
We begin this campaign with right now almost three years of perhaps the most successful administration in the history of our country.
First of all, I'm the one protecting your Social Security.
They needed four senators.
No, but it's hard.
44 years, and maybe most importantly of all is Choice, VA, Veterans Choice.
So we were nominated a few days ago for a Nobel Prize, which is a big thing.
I can leave right now.
We have the greatest people in the world.
Just anarchy.
We will never hesitate to kill America's terrorist enemies.
But everything that we built, low taxes, strong military, taking care of our vets, all of the things we've done can be decimated very quickly if the wrong person gets in especially now.
And it was upheld in the Supreme Court, what we did.
Every vow that politicians made was broken, every hope was dashed, and every promise turned into a total betrayal of New Hampshire and of our country.
This is where it is.
If it's okay with you.
The first person I see, Carolyn Maloney.
It's a civil rights.
Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it.
You've got to get loopholes.
We had to have them in the United States and we captured them, we had to keep him here.
Thank you very much, Mr.
That's so much nicer, to tape it, you do it, nice air conditioned room.
I have great people in the back.
We achieved American energy independence.
With Japan, we had a $68 billion deficit.
We try, I'll tell you that and we're winning now.
It would have been a nasty one too.
At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation.
The governor of Nevada, he tried to stop us, and we went to different venues.
But I gave him A+, not A, not B+, not B.
Wages in your state, New Mexico, are growing at a rate of much more than 3% a year, which is unheard of 20 years ago.
Me, I don't care about their campaign contributions.
We have record everything.
And then they got into the WTO and a lot of bad things happened.
And they get scorned and we take out thousands and thousands of MS-13 members every single year.
I know this doesn't matter, but I said leave it.
They want law and order.
Over 2,000 accused of murder, yet left wing politicians support sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens directly into the American community.
That's right.
I made minor changes.
We will have people coming into our country that never even thought of it before.
I mean, would have been nice if we won.
There's never been anything, right? Never been.
And these people back here? Your seat or stand is better.
Thank you, Dan.
And I'm standing in the Lincoln bedroom.
The sleepy campaign has joined forces with those trying to tear down America and our way of life.
I don't care about this guy.
But it is what it is.
He's not a human being.
What I see, I see tremendous job growth because we're setting records.
It was just wasted time.
If you remember, you could look, if you go back five, six, seven years, in 2019 they say China was going to catch us as the world's largest economy.
It's great to be with you tonight.
We gave you the biggest tax decrease in the history of… The biggest tax decrease in the history of our country.
Earlier this year I kept my promise to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania when we ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new U.
He's not too old, but 78 is okay, but I do.
You know what I said before? Think of yourself at a great spa, great sauna, where it's 120 degrees and we have to pay a lot of money to be there.
Yet Democrats want to open borders and Republicans want strong borders.
You're going to have that right back.
They'd say not worth it.
They'd have a new drug.
Or MSDNC.
And hope to God, we never have to use them.
And don't forget they're also fighting for their land.
Don't forget, she wanted to do 500,000, but this is her.
Not one mentioned, not one mentioned.
One of these days, they're going to get smart.
When the storm went by, we had it set and it's set beautifully, and the following day, that sucker is going to be up for many, many years.
But speaking to vice presidents and speaking of perfect vice presidents, if you become president, the first thing you have to do is choose a really horrible, horrible vice president.
But you know what we're going to do? We're going to have to look at it.
Everything now is going to transparencies, where hospitals, doctors, everybody has to tell you how much things are costing.
I always say I can be more Presidential than any candidate that ever ran, than any President, other than maybe Abraham Lincoln when he's wearing his hat.
You are going to get, and the Democrats would never do it, Biden would never do it because he doesn't understand it, but they would never do it.
In less than 10 years, the AIDS epidemic will be eradicated, will be gone.
I mean, I did all this stuff and then I hear I'm nine down.
They wouldn't take them.
What do you think? And then they came out 225,000, the market goes up again.
And Mark Burnett was great.
As you know, the Ukrainian prosecutor that Biden got fired after threatening to withhold, I think it was $1 billion or something in aid, was the prosecutor investigating his son's company, that was paying Hunter Biden, a guy just got thrown out of the Navy … He was paying them millions of dollars, even though, working for an energy company, he had no experience with energy.
In fact, we are keeping even more promises by far than we made, or than we promised.
But with your help, we have exposed the far left's corruption and defeated their sinister schemes and let's see what happens in the coming months.
We finally will be rid of this guy.
Senator Jim Inhofe and James Lankford, please stand up.
Tomorrow, Kentucky has a chance to send the radical Democrats a message.
Illegal immigration is deeply unfair to millions of wonderful legal immigrants who work hard, pay their taxes, follow our rules, and obey our laws.
Get rid of your cows.
Took us a long time to get there, and we really picked it up over the last three years.
Every place I go, Rob.
He doesn't, he will never stop.
Everybody benefits.
No, he's an animal.
And we must show and vote and we have to go out and we have to win this election coming up.
She has no credibility and neither do you, Neil Cavuto.
We have the best military we've ever had, the best unemployment and employment numbers we've ever had.
Everything was wrong.
Our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted.
I got the great ones.
I have friends.
In the past 12 months alone, the average worker has taken home $1,000 extra in rising wages and over $3,000 with tax cuts and all of the other things that we've done.
Restore, catching and release.
Yet today's Democrat Party glorifies illegal immigration.
There'll never be anything like what we're doing.
It's a lobbyist deal.
Never has anybody ripped off our nation like China, and I've taken in billions and billions of dollars.
Tate.
It's going to be so nice, because honestly, look, they couldn't have done even close without me.
Great judges.
Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate- Through pioneering therapies, we reduced the fatality rate 85% since April.
I am holding up your Second Amendment.
That's all they think about.
Darling, I want to watch Trump speak tonight.
By the way, to this day, there has never been, and they'll always correct me, in the history of politics, in the history of our country, there has never been anybody that drew crowds like we draw, and I don't have a guitar.
Does anybody not love their children? Anybody? Do I have a hand? Do I have a… There's a hand.
Tonight it's our great privilege to be joined by three of the heroes of the Battle of Iwo Jima, James Blaine, Donald Whipple and John Thurman.
Has she been a great first lady, right? She's been a great first lady and very popular.
They're only doing that for Trump, right? 27,000 soldiers protecting our border.
We can't have it.
But let me tell you but we don't … there's nothing like that over there.
Hourly earnings, listen to this, are up 9% since the election.
They know that.
So hopefully they will just come and we'll make a deal and they'll go back to being a rich country, let them go back and be rich but they cannot have a nuclear weapon.
We got to 306
14 million, would you believe that's possible? But that's why we have the best unemployment rates, we have the best employment rates.
Thank you, Jon.
And I haven't done it for a while, and I thought I'd do it tonight because you're on the eve of giving us an opponent and all of these people want open borders.
That's why we got that vote.
Reimpose crippling federal regulations, destroy your Social Security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions.
This is what would happen.
We have some great people here tonight.
That's one record we're not going to beat.
He's the ambassador, he's there.
We have no interest in, it's too much.
We have the stuff, nobody's ever seen anything like it, the endorsements from law enforcement.
You don't spend 1
Now, if we had 10 people against that one, those 10 people would be in serious trouble.
And what happens is this big incredible machine flies in, this tremendous cargo plane, and it flies in so powerful, so big.
They just know they're being ripped off, and a lot of Bernie people feel that.
But while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the radical democrats are going totally insane.
Devin Nunez.
They said things that were incredible.
If you wear one of those suckers, you got to give it up fast because within two weeks they got you.
Come on up, Lee.
We've got to stop this nonsense, this child's play, we've got to stop, they're great.
And I want to thank our new Secretary of Defense, Mark Esper, for the job he's done and he views it really as a national security threat, and you have to.
You just got the greatest tax cuts in history, the greatest rate, regulation cuts, and all this stuff.
This guy's a real political pro too, in all fairness, even though he's a Democrat.
That's where everyone aspires to and that includes minorities and everybody.
We're going to open it up.
But, your whole state… Honestly… Can I be honest? It's crazy what's happening.
Please don't do it.
You want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes out.
And Al, in honor of you, we have passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, Al.
It's a big thing, a virus task force.
I got it approved, and from the day it was approved, I got no thanks, I got no credit.
The Republicans will always do that.
Before, they weren't taking them back at all.
In their craze thirst for power, the democrats are trying to tear our country apart.
Lisa, please tell me you love me.
So we're not going to have that anymore.
It's like this, because there's zero pressure behind it.
Joe Biden devoted his career to offshoring your jobs, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars, along with some of his other friends and surrendering our children's future to countries like China.
It'll be historic very soon.
But we had tremendous success.
Among the leaders here today for this remarkable celebration are many members of the House and Senate.
It's the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on our country.
Great job, man.
Our equipment was tired.
How is that good? I mean, how is that good? If I were a Democrat, I wouldn't be too happy about that number.
This mayor, he let go of a billion dollars worth of police.
I think you've got the worst.
He was a tremendous man, Dan Tabas, but I'm going to introduce somebody that Dan always said had tremendous talent.
They had such a great life, before I did this.
We should tell them, open borders.
They're great people.
America is no longer for sale.
Well let me tell you, these crooked politicians, they really took away three years from us.
With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration.
Nobody else could have done it.
2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including more than $130 million for Nellis air force base right here.
So this November, we're going to take back the House, we're going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the White House.
That guy.
The lawyers feel very confident but we have to win those cases but what you have to do is send in your early ballot and then go and make sure that ballot is tabulated or counted, and if it's not counted, vote, and then they have the job, if it comes in late, and if it's not too late, they have the job of making sure that they don't count it.
I think they might have a problem with me doing it, but I will tell you, they are … In Texas, they saved 16,000 people two years ago, the coast guard, US Coast Guard.
And together we're fighting for American orphans, foster families, and the sacred rights of religious believers.
They want to install far left judges to shred our constitution.
He's dead.
You sign that document, they work it out.
NAFTA, what NAFTA to your communities, I mean to your state, is incredible.
But ICE offices worked through Ohio police to remove one thousand two hundred dangerous criminal aliens from your streets.
You can't actually make a gift.
They apologized.
I'm a reporter.
They're all going to do it.
The next day, we're all set, all lined up, looking forward to it.
There was nobody.
Just looks and gives her the answer, but he's done a fantastic job.
I say they can't come in.
So that they're whole.
Look at some of the stories that you have over there.
If you're terminally ill.
Well, I thank you very much.
Before, they thought we were stupid.
Our people weren't tired.
Spent almost $100 million, but that was a great victory.
Right? Okay.
Together, we will help millions more citizens know the dignity of work, the pride of a paycheck and the satisfaction of a job really well done.
1 billion.
And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will make America wealthy again.
He left because you have a certain governor that asked him to leave.
You know that? He knows it.
That particular guy wanted to be so politically correct.
If you were a great athlete and they had a hard time recruiting, although they've done well, if you're a great athlete, you can't … we wanted to get them to go, but they didn't because they didn't want to serve five years in the military and then they'd go into the NFL or baseball.
We'll support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.
They were beautiful.
The stadium holds 100
So people want to go to a rally, they end up sitting at a round table talking about their definition of impeachment.
We destroyed her too fast.
Last week, I'm not bragging about it, I'm just saying, I'm the President of the United States because of Kosovo-Serbia, they've been killing each other for years, I worked out a deal for them.
After years and years of building up other countries we are finally building up our country, standing up for our jobs, our workers, and standing up for our dignity.
Great deal for us.
Just shot him like … It was on television.
You know it's true.
They do better than our great veterans.
We don't even have to bring in the National Guard.
And God help us if we ever have to use them.
But they want to make it.
$50 million.
You know, they gave him millions of dollars shortly before, because he never called one wrong.
It's incredible what's going on and I love it, because you deserve it.
There aren't too many people in this room that want to do it for a living.
I always say it's a great sport.
They like you, Bob.
She ran last time.
So what happens? I make lots of contributions for years, and years, and years.
Their ratings aren't so good at the Academy Awards.
I wasn't sure about the issue, but we had a lot of great Republicans, very much in favor of it, including people that happen to be right here today.
The windows are too big.
You believe that one? That's pretty amazing.
The floods are big.
We invested $2
And in your great state, Wisconsin… You ever noticed with Biden, he's always calling the wrong state? And in your great state of Iowa, Iowa.
One of the most successful people.
Can you believe this? Can you believe it? Man, did he get lucky.
The one which recently went up and you see the engines coming back down and they coming … There's no wings, no nothing.
I shouldn't say it.
It was John James.
They're taking me up three flights, go down one.
But if somebody up there does something, those cameras turn around, spin around like a pretzel.
I don't care, but let me just… Did you see it? Trump is leading Biden with the Hispanic community.
It's a super V and you'll see that, and big numbers are coming out and have come out, and just watch your set or watch your newspaper.
Senators, Congressman, they were the reasons.
We have provided health insurance options, 60% cheaper than Obamacare, and we have historic investments in treating kidney disease, HIV, pediatric cancer and Alzheimer's disease.
And they've been incredible.
That is not the same group of Chinese people that I've been negotiating with.
So tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions, I gave it to the farmers.
but I was early with her, and frankly, oh it's coming back, don't worry about her.
Our allies treat us badly.
Conservative.
I hope that some of you people are looking, because what AOC has gotten away with campaign financing and what … I call it AOC plus three, that's what it is.
We built it.
In one case, longer than eight years.
Our president is an employee of Russia.
That person's been standing there for almost a day if you think about it.
We put it in and it was just getting set, and we got hit with a tornado of wind and it blew it down, and the fake news said Trump's wall fell down.
How did that work out? This schmuck spends $250 million dollars, he ends up with one third of a percent in Iowa.
This isn't fair.
Sir, we just can't stand this winning in Texas anymore.
All windows, all lights have to be off, sir.
It was supposed to cost 5 million.
Biden voted for the Iraq war.
They want to raise your taxes by $4 trillion.
And that actually, when he had the scandal, that became, can you believe it? The second biggest story.
I'm going to keep saying it.
We've deported record numbers of gang members, including the worst gang of all, MS-13
It's a happy period.
We had more votes than anybody's ever had as an incumbent president.
Okay? They could have done that.
Kevin McCarthy's done a great job.
You're going to say Nevada.
We're even bringing back the old light bulb.
Right? She talked about Me Too-ing him.
To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran Nuclear Deal.
No oil, no religion, no God, and no guns.
He's lying, Pinocchio, Pinocchio.
Mississippi.
You know what's the worst part about him looking at the teleprompter? The worst part is that means that the fake news media is giving him the questions.
I don't know that he's gotten one vote.
She is crazy.
Only in Kentucky can somebody be so precise.
While the socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare and your social security, my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare.
They'll do it again.
We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring incomes and record prosperity, and that's already happening.
Warriors, they're warriors.
He's very nervous.
But NBC News is so, I mean, it's just terrible.
And it's like an unlimited amount.
That's what they wanted.
Now you would have been in war with her.
But these guys all got it right.
What the hell is going on with the world today? What's going on? What's going on with the world, Mark Meadows? Unbelievable Meadows, oh boy.
Every single Democrat candidate for president raised their hand in favor of giving free healthcare to all illegal aliens.
Just quick.
That's the same Concord that we read about all the time, right? Concord.
Drugs are going to start going down at levels nobody's ever seen favored nations.
Really great.
Take a look at your median income, take a look at what's happened.
We inherit the legacy of North Carolina Patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation.
He's smart.
Okay? While we're fighting for shared priorities, the American people, the Democrat Party has never been farther outside of the mainstream.
When the wall is complete, there'll be as strong as any borders anywhere in the world.
You can't use it.
That's going to be great for our manufacturers, our farmers.
You have to let them do what they … It's called law and order.
Syria, what do you get out of it? You get sand, you get blood, you get injuries, you get death.
If you take a shower, wash your hands a couple of times a day … It's not.
We will hire more police, increased penalties for assault on law enforcement.
And you could send your ballot, and then you have to check that your ballot's counted because they might not count your ballot in this state.
Where did that come from? The other thing, if Obama would have done it … because, look.
We're opening it up.
We got to fix this mess.
Everybody wanted to see whether or not he was good at what we're supposed to be doing up here.
What's happening is a disgrace.
We need a wall.
Then they have all the rest of them.
I want to tell you, it's seriously hot.
That was the end of his career.
It's just like it was in 2016
America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of South Carolina, the best is yet to come.
Because, you know, you keep hearing, you cannot win unless you win the great state of Ohio.
We didn't win anything for years practically.
We've changed things, right? Keep America Great.
Almost all of them ran for president of the class.
We will never let you down.
So so far I'm not good, but it's not good enough.
David Kustoff.
You take your time, darling, take your time.
We want to cut budgets, but this is beyond budget.
I think we're going to have a turnout the likes of which we've never seen in the history of our country.
Do we love our American flag? Or Mars.
The president of Mexico has been incredible.
We have made America proud again.
We now have a wonderful deal.
They'll do anything.
And the judges, which we've done at a level like nobody's ever done, everything we've done.
Under my administration, we've achieved the most secure border in American history.
Where is Todd? Todd, thank you.
You ever notice, they never do it, though.
This is a free enterprise system.
But I'm tired of talking about this 10 months before the election.
We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms.
TPP would have gutted the American auto industry.
They don't have an address.
Okay, look who won? Trump.
The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country.
We can't make even a little, tiny, tiny mistake.
Sir, we have to be able to see through.
We had so many people wanting to help, but it was complicated believe it not because the country didn't want the liability.
She used deplorable and irredeemable, right? And only being a politician for a few years.
Under Operation Warp Speed, we're producing a vaccine in record time.
Still doesn't get it.
And that, as I said, no more respect for the police, but these are military people, and those are police, but we are now policing.
Exactly as good.
Now we're getting into the real stuff.
The economy is booming.
You couldn't do anything, you'd keep them.
The last time, this last budget, they didn't really fight us on the wall.
We are keeping terrorists, criminals and extremists the hell out of our country.
That's why… Because, but Leah, hey look, I'll be honest with you because they have it wrong with the teleprompter, okay? And I would have been in big trouble.
These people, these are not human beings.
Come on up here, Governor Doug Ducey.
They'd come in because she couldn't get a crowd.
We were together for three hours.
I haven't stopped recently at a gas station.
If they're 40 years old, if they're 45 years old, they can be there for 40, 50 years.
She's a zero.
We closed it down.
The best is yet to come.
Last month, unemployment reached its lowest level in 51 years.
Now they think he's a financial genius because he's up 74%
We got everybody.
We don't want to put them in prison because you know what? We got to pay for them for the next 50 years, but sometimes we have to.
Joe Biden is wholly owned and controlled by the left wing mob.
With your help, we will lift billions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
Now it's being run by other people.
They haven't mentioned the Nobel Peace Prize.
And we had the biggest crowds.
In your state, but you go to New England, empty factories, empty buildings.
By the way, is the media now, and I'm pretty sure it's getting close.
These jurisdictions deliberately release dangerous, violent, criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets, where they are free to offend, where they are free to kill, where they are free to rape, where they are free to beat up people except for ICE because ICE is much tougher than them.
But her opponent, I have to say this Martha, a guy named Mark Kelly.
These lines for the veterans are too long.
The farmers want it, the unions want it, the manufacturers want it, and by the way, 600,000 manufacturing jobs in this country, remember? You would need a magic wand.
I recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights and we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades.
She was a real beauty.
We're fighting a campaign against leftist, socialist, and globalists who want to return to reckless wars, open borders, rampant crime, and totally disastrous one way trade deals.
So I respect that because it's another hoax story.
And he got through it.
It's an honor to have you in the party.
How would you like to have Joe Biden take over negotiations right now with China? I don't think so.
State Senate president.
And they wouldn't get rid of the loopholes.
See that face? They show my face.
He made up a statement.
It's called Jersey.
This is just like fake news.
I'm a very organized person.
Race, religion, color, and creed.
John would be so thrilled.
But if you remember, last time, I go in, I spend a little time, a physical like we all have.
Again, we have never had, because they respect us now, they didn't respect us.
And we have a lot of Congress people here.
Even his secretary of defense, his secretary of state, they said he always voted the wrong way.
You're going to be so happy.
Jim and James.
It's already done.
Did you ever go to the faucet? You turn on the faucet to wash your hands and it turns on so easy.
I mean pretty soon we'll be setting records in speed.
Virtually every leading Democrat has pledged to entirely eliminate American production of oil, clean coal, natural gas.
Women took 60%, what's wrong with you, men? What's wrong with you? But the radical Democrats are trying to destroy all of our country's tremendous achievement, and our country's tremendous success.
He looks like a nice guy.
Ready? You ready? Today in the newspapers in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals we won't the big big beautiful lawsuit when they were all suing us.
What happened to our values? Republicans believe that every life is a sacred gift of God.
He doesn't even know what they're talking about.
And last week, the United States once again took the bold and decisive action to save American lives and deliver American justice.
And it's not just Ukraine and it's not just China.
You can't do this.
They would never.
I think they're just a bunch of thugs.
Please, general.
There was no pressure.
And we have to make sure that this radical left socialist and beyond, because this is beyond socialism, that it doesn't happen, or we will indeed have Venezuela on steroids.
It's going to the people now.
Only negative ads.
We have a very much different party than we had four years ago.
… Not so bad.
This election that we're going into is the most important election in the history of our country, because we had crooked Hillary, but this is something, these people are sick.
Oh, by the way, they happen to be totally deleted.
So essentially almost 600 times.
Sanctuary cities.
That's for one year.
I hope that team does well.
If Biden wins, the mob wins.
Look at Chicago.
Who would've thought that? Honestly, when I ran, I didn't know that.
Also with us, our state representatives, Al Baldasaro and Fred Doucette.
We're far ahead of schedule.
I went to school in Pennsylvania, you know that right? I know it well.
But I have something, because people were screaming to me for the last four or five rallies, read the snake.
Robert Jeffress.
Big pharma does not like me too much.
You know, do you ever do where you're not going to do something? And then somebody hits you with a perfect phrase.
I have to thank many of the Democrats.
I mean, I'm here to tell you about the Nobel Peace Prize.
Nobody would have put up with that.
So it's an amazing thing.
Remember that.
What did you say that for? Boy oh boy.
Just a terrible thing.
I don't know, Mississippi.
But North Carolina, we're not … You take a look at North Carolina.
I'm leaving right now.
We were winning by so much, and then the plane came in from China.
I see you handsome guy.
Now, we're very low in Afghanistan now in terms of numbers of troops.
Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased, listen to this, by 47%, three times faster than the increase for the top 1%
The entire American nation is standing by your side.
Ron DeSantis.
But they stoke the flames.
I like the NFL.
It's a very unfair system.
We launched the first new branch of the US Armed Forces.
But on the assumption that you love your children, you'll be able to use small farms and your ranches and things.
My administration's keeping terrorists, extremists, and criminals the hell out of our country.
Matt.
And he goes to Texas and he goes to Oklahoma and he goes to North Dakota and he goes to all these places.
And when I left the show, it was doing great.
But what happens, what happens is we have Wall Street Journal the other day got the best story.
People are coming back now, because they want to be where the action is.
We give you the greatest medicines even if they haven't been approved.
I say defense is the most, the military is the most.
Thanks to Republican leadership, America is winning again, and America, most importantly, is respected again, respected like never before.
We'll soon be building many, many miles a week, but we're up to over 125, I guess 127, 28 by now, of the super duper wall, super duper.
These proud Kentucky Patriots did not shed their blood, sweat and tears so that we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy their magnificent heritage.
Remember, first instinct, that's where they're going, and he has no choice because he has to, because again, I was going to say, the radical left hates him because they think he deceived them because they agreed on that manifesto and that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream and he agreed from the Green New Deal, getting rid of your planes.
They're waiting to see what's coming over the next few months in terms of therapeutics, which to me is even more important than the vaccine.
But I'll never forget that night.
Go out and get bigger.
They know what's happening.
So when you say, solicited, because I like solicited better as a word than absentee.
Look, 300% in certain very bad crimes, New York.
It's like a habit that they press that particular trigger, but that's a tough race.
And then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital.
Everything I tell you is Democrat and you know we ought to do something, Mr.
What did we do? So we're going to pull them out, and we're pulling people out, and we're trying to make good deals, and we're going to bring our soldiers back home, and we may need them for something else, and they'll be ready.
Remember the couple of people that were crying? I guess they don't like a strong military.
Unfortunately, the next day … In the world of the internet, in the world of smart people … That's why I like Beto, he wasn't smart, couldn't handle it.
It's like they're afraid.
They are some of the biggest victims of these power vacuums and reckless foreign adventures.
We're only going to fight to win.
And when you leave a company, all of a sudden it doesn't do as well.
We have the finest, most powerful nuclear capability anywhere on the face of the earth.
Much worse than I thought.
Because you were targeted, right? You were targeted by China.
And they are cop hating.
It's not the gun that pulls the trigger.
And they've swung like nobody's ever seen them swing before.
Becky's like, she plays it a little bit down in the middle, right? Which is okay.
Lindsey.
Trump 48, number two was six.
And by the way, North Carolina has had its best economic year in the history of your state.
Maybe it's better.
Right? Took a lot of guts.
No no, we're gone, we pulled all the troops out of Syria.
Those cages were built by Obama and Biden.
Right? Yesterday, the Democrats voted to potentially nullify the votes of 63 million Americans, disgracing themselves and bringing shame upon the House of Representatives.
He never walked.
They do some job, and I'd have you come up, but you can relax.
He never liked me, by the way.
And now they call it person of the year.
And, when people wait two or three days to come in and especially these first rows, I just want to tell you we really thank you.
The best deal you've ever seen.
Under my administration, we're finally taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of illegal immigrants who follow our laws, pay their taxes, lift up our society, and are entitled to a government that protects their families and protects their communities.
Thank you, Louis and your wife is… doing a great job Louis.
He hollowed out our middle class, including our black middle class with open borders.
They want to burn the churches down, and that's fine.
They want us to negotiate.
It's happening all the time.
Man.
I know the camera men.
Would you please start working on that? You see the response.
What's another idea? What's another idea? How do we win this election? You know, I really don't believe anymore that they love our country.
I love the farmers.
No, no, I'm only kidding, I'm only kidding.
He's a nicer person, but he's not smart.
And one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country, because they're very smart.
Protestors Disturb the Rally.
With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.
People were fighting for that, your family lost the farm, lost – 53]
They said, no, sir, it's a subsidy.
I think he is happy.
I speak to her all the time.
250 billion will end up being much, much more than that.
It begins November 3rd this time.
That was actually, I think, designed to put us out of business, literally.
CNN, total fake stuff.
Do you agree with that? I don't think they're going to do too well in Minnesota either.
I've also taken the toughest ever action to stand up to China's chronic trade abuses.
That's not a good story.
We're the ones that should be angry, but we proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback.
No, I had a great life, but I was honored.
Right? 1024th, right? One thousandths, so I was right.
subpoena, the most important subpoena you can get.
They take away your guts, they take away your statues, they take away your heroes.
This is better than the arenas, I have to say, especially when you have a crowd like this.
You bring in your family, right? No.
They're all so good looking these people.
It would've shown it's my real hair at least.
For decades, these communities have been run exclusively by democratic politicians, and it's been total one party control of the inner cities.
The people that push him around don't believe in our country, because he agreed to a manifesto with crazy Bernie, right? It's called the manifesto.
It's a different kind of address.
Unless somebody comes in and decides to quadruple your taxes, then I can't.
You got to get it done.
Oh no, it does have tariffs.
And it's not only is it a V, it's a super V.
Remember the one, she was crying? She was crying.
Now you're all looking good.
And U.
Think of that, that's a big caliphate.
Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right? From 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected, and many people die.
And today it was announced that Joe Biden is coming out of the basement.
Did you see that? I was watching the news.
I don't think that's going to happen.
How are they doing, the Democrats running those cities? Your whole country will be like that.
And Ben Carson was fantastic, the head of HUD.
I never want it to be too good.
And Sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer, and that's the end of it.
While you guys are standing behind me like a beautiful curtain there … Well they're not blocking Air Force One so we could … But I have a woman with us tonight who has devoted so much.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of Nevada.
That's where they're coming from.
What he's doing, by the way, he's the largest landlord by a factor of about 2000
I mean look at this.
We have the strongest military we've ever had by far.
Maybe we take another crack at crazy Hillary.
Everybody was nice and loose.
And you know, they'll criticize me for saying this, the fake news media, which is back there, with their fake polls.
I'm the one that exposed the pipeline with Germany.
They're paying 1%, they're supposed to pay two, and 2% is way too low.
I'm looking.
Is this guy the worst negotiator? Gave Iran 150 billion, plus 1
He really doesn't.
One protester, a very weak voice.
Oh what a group.
But now we have CAG, now we have CAG.
If he does something even towards left of center, which would be acceptable, I guess, we have no choice.
The Democrats spent more time attacking Barack Obama than they did attacking me practically.
To get relief to working families we passed the largest package of tax cuts and tax reforms in the history of our country.
I'm not going to pay $5
Hi, Steve.
Actually, in my opinion, the polls, they're suppression polls, they're meant to make people discouraged, Even me, I'm supposed to be discouraged.
They didn't have too much of a chance.
They're all going out to vote.
And you know that's hard when you have radical left running the city, all politicians, the mayor.
We have a lot of people, thousands of people that couldn't get in.
Larry Cuffe.
They wanted to do great things.
He's been a great champ Thank you, Greg.
No, they took the smaller one.
Way down.
It was election eve but by the time I got here, it was late.
A man that's been a friend of mine for a long time, Mike Kelly.
India tariffs us probably higher than any nation anywhere in the world.
You don't have to worry about it.
With me, my crowds are five times bigger than Bernie's.
You have my endorsement, but I will tell you this, Adam, if you could, because you're doing a fantastic job watching, watch all these votes coming in on the ballots, the unsolicited ballots.
And I was very impressed by the statement.
They want to destroy our countrysides, put windmills all over them.
No legs, no arms.
What I'm endorsing, I'm getting an endorsement tonight from some very, very special people.
And if we were Democrats, they would've been in jail two years ago.
And now we're doing it again, and we're doing it very rapidly.
Here in America, we're creating the United States Space Force and we're working closely with India to enhance space cooperation.
I recently invited to the White House the granddaughter of a 92 year old woman who was raped, beaten, brutalized, and murdered by an illegal alien who had previously been set free in New York City.
Took a little hit on that, we took a little bit of a hit, but that's okay.
Is that what you want? And then Ukraine, $183,000 a month, and a $3 million upfront payment for him and his friends, think of this, with no experience and no job, and they said, do you know energy? It's an energy company that paid it.
Now tomorrow, like fake news, CNN, he was playing games with the United States.
The Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, Coast Guard; and now, we have the Space Force.
We're protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will.
All of a sudden, I'd become president of the United States.
And I mentioned him a little earlier, but you didn't know he was here.
It is great to be back in the Twin Cities with the freedom-loving American patriots who make our country run.
Now they want to take it away.
These guys that are lecturing all the time, they don't have a clue.
We got up to 160 million and we were never anywhere close to that.
I'm going to be debating in front of millions of people.
33,000 emails.
Germany pays them billions and billions of dollars.
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Colorado.
You know what? If I had to wait three days, I think I'd like your seat better.
Okay? What do you think … He was unable to answer anything.
We'll make our medical supplies right here in the United States.
it's the hardest thing I have … I was telling Tom Cotton, it's the hardest thing that I have to do.
That's now a good deal.
Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children.
But the farmers, I call them the great patriots the farmers.
And we're rebuilding our military like we have never rebuilt our military before.
Let's see, you could probably be okay but you'd rather do what you're doing, right? I agree with you.
By the way, as far as the capital of Israel, Jerusalem, they've been talking about many, many presidents.
The sad part about that… Sleepy Joe is right.
Your children.
So, we catch them, we take whatever they can take, which is nothing, and then we had to release them in our country.
He was a Vice President.
I may have to go for the Hispanics to be honest.
Immigration, I had a lot of them, but that may be the single biggest.
We have enough of that.
Ted beat him.
You saw what happened in Colorado last.
Do well.
It's AOC plus three.
One of the best lawyers you'll ever find.
You think I'm kidding? I see what they're saying.
If you see somebody cheating, you got to turn them in, from Erie … and you probably will, it's going to be a mess, watch this.
But in the twist… Oh, Alabama.
It's tough enough, and I want to thank, by the way, the country of Mexico.
And we're going to do that for your governors if they want to do that.
It's not just like, let's win.
They have like 25 cans of tuna.
And we have incredible things going on in Pennsylvania.
And our numbers on the border are the best they've ever been.
He always starts off, COVID-19
It's got a big impact.
And I have stayed uninvolved and we do have an excellent Attorney General.
Right? And he knew that, but he said I lost on the… And he was right.
He'll never have the strength, and he's going downhill fast.
A lot of people said that's the reason I won so easily in the Electoral College last time.
Irvin, thank you.
Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat party in droves, and we are welcoming these people, and these great voters, to the Republican Party with wide, open arms.
You transplant it.
If not all of them.
Kicks in on January 1st.
But you always have to say, well, wait a minute.
They are a bad group of people.
But, if you think that Biden opposed the mission to take out of Osama bin Laden, he was against it.
But this movement is about your family and your future, and it's about the life and the fate of your country.
But honestly, the truth is with time, I love you guys whether you're cops, police officers, law enforcement.
They don't want mom and dad to know where they were.
And Colby is a very fit guy and fantastic.
Got to do it again.
Where is he? So President Obama left Mitch, and me, and Rand, and all of us, he left 142 openings for judges.
It's better, and we're rounding the turn on COVID, by the way.
Compare our achievements with the insane and lethal policies that Biden and Bernie Sanders want.
Michigan, what she's doing.
Democrats have never been farther outside the mainstream.
He fights so hard.
My wife never respected me for anything, not anything.
We were forced to close it because of the China plague that came in and now we've opened it.
It's coming back to you, you see that.
We're building the most powerful weapons in the world.
There was no social distancing, Tom Tillis.
They don't talk about, when you see 25,000 people walking down Fifth Avenue or walking down a street of a Democrat run city, you never hear them saying, they're not wearing their mask.
They cleaned their criminals, yeah, that's criminal, it's criminal, they're criminals.
They like… And by the way, the Hispanics understand the border better than anybody else.
They don't take your cars.
Crazy Nancy, crazy as a bedbug.
They can take a perfect phone call made to the Ukrainian president who said very specifically there was no pressure.
We need honesty, because the New York Times, the Washington Post … And by the way, I don't know, you probably read it.
And that is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.
We'll see what happens.
Human trafficking in women.
Right? Because as crazy as it sounds, he was hot.
You have the best unemployment, you have the most successful state in the history of your state, and in the history of our country.
It's really pretty simple.
They will destroy that second amendment.
A, Japan, South Korea, Europe, when that happens.
If Biden wins very simple, China wins.
Nobody to this day … and the Republicans stuck together.
You always have to do the unexpected.
I know a guy who can't stand his children, they're horrible, horrible human beings.
Nobody can do it.
And by the way, that's because we got a lot of help from a guy named Scott Walker.
Your stocks are going to go down like you never saw anything go down before.
Three months later, he said he did the right thing, I have to admit.
And that's why the Supreme court is so important.
If we had 100 people die, if we had 1000, no matter what we do.
We've got a lot of young ones, but we've got a lot of people that remember that.
I just saw, New York Times, can you believe? Failing New York Times… When we leave in 10, 14, 18, 22 years from now, the New York Times will be out of business and so will a lot of others.
It goes on.
Chris? Where's Chris? The mayor? Thank you, Chris.
There'll be open.
And we're working with other countries.
About time we got rid of NAFTA.
That's not a smattering.
They couldn't get anything.
Chicago endorsed me.
We're protecting you.
You know who are the elite? You look at those jobs reports.
Thank you Martha.
We got a lot of Hispanics.
We established more than 300 opportunity zones in Ohio alone, and these are really working out incredibly well.
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education.
But they are tough.
That hat is too much.
He knows I love the cops.
Before the virus, we created an economic miracle and now we're doing it again.
I won seven times, sir, and I've won five of those damn contests.
Well, we just signed the two great ones, and we got about seven more that want to come in.
And you know what? We're going to keep that way.
Thank you very much, Presidency.
More than seven million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps.
How about last week? Did you hear? I don't know who Tulsi Gabbard is, but I know one thing.
A lot of water dump.
Well, think of this though.
I've been doing a lot of it, but we are going to do it at a level that nobody ever thought possible.
I'd like to apologize.
We're leading everywhere.
Tennessee has been incredible by the way.
You couldn't do it.
Meetings all the time.
I will say this, if our opponent had won that election, you know what would have happened? Right now China would become the … It would be the number one economy anywhere in the world.
Had I made that one damn stop to your state we would have won Minnesota.
The democrat record is one of neglect and corruption and decay.
But you can't, this whole thing with the unsolicited, unsolicited means you're sitting there.
We'll see what happens with Iran.
The anniversary.
I love Hispanic.
They could never have done it.
To bring back our jobs for other countries, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history.
And that's exactly what we've done.
He called that one wrong.
We don't want oil.
He never got more than 1%
So they were even so they're okay.
The best we've ever done.
They're working and they have great jobs and they love getting up in the morning and they're making much more money and it costs our country nothing.
Now they're getting out and because our economy is so good and because of what we've done with criminal justice reform and other things like opportunities, zones, et cetera, they're getting jobs and employers are loving them.
I had many, many years, decades of people putting … So I came.
Crime is falling and America is the envy of the entire world.
Then you have the deep state.
But two months, two and a half months later, he admitted that I was right.
Republican party chair, Ronna McDaniel.
You hear about Supreme Court, you know about Supreme Court, you know about other judges, by the way at the end of the first term, we'll be close to 300 federal judges, including court of appeals, which I think is a record.
We're doing really well.
How about 200? I didn't know that.
The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, and extremism.
These are phony people, but that's okay.
I told somebody, the evening newscasts, they're terrible for conservative people and they're crooked, they're absolutely dishonest.
The impeachment hoax.
President, very good and they'll say he was a great president.
You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.
Because to be honest, this is a little earlier than the campaign.
There has never been a movement like this, and it began very early.
Tucker has been very good.
Doug and I were talking about it and they take out registered voters.
Never happened before in the history of our country and we're really wise to it.
No, they're not.
Will you? I don't know what the hell you do, but whatever it is, you better tell me the secret.
They want to wipe it out.
So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get everybody and get out and vote, November 3rd.
We're winning because we're in The White House.
Sometimes dictators, they just don't like to go by that title.
Take something good and turn it negative.
We have been blessed with such a remarkable and priceless heritage.
And, his own man who headed it up, swine flu, it's H1N1 swine flu.
We need this next election so badly.
We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep your plan of choice.
I don't like them either, by the way.
What about a thing called voter ID? Voter identification? Rob Portman, please work on that, Rob Portman.
Not me, us.
We've gotten rid of a lot of nonsense from Obama, like the Paris Accord that costs us tens of billions of dollars and gave us nothing.
We had attacks on dairy products, 297% tariff, nobody talked about it, with Canada.
They've cheapened a process.
You know the roadside bombs that you see hurting our people and lots of other people so badly? The legs, the arms, wiped out.
We are repealing burdensome taxes.
But we got rid of the worst part of it.
Do you ever notice, he's always calling it the other.
Can you believe that? It's true? It's a true story.
I got to get that.
The country's had the best year it's ever had.
He said, no fracking, right? There will be no fracking during the … he didn't know what fracking was, but he said there's no fracking.
She so in love.
They're not coming here, and if they do, bad things happen to them.
Well there's not a thing I can do about that.
You got a much better light at a much reduced cost and it's much safer because when those other bulbs break, they really are dangerous.
Those windmills.
And the man that took his place is dead also.
But they're the party of late term abortion, socialism and corruption.
It's the wall that border security wanted.
Take a look at our retail numbers.
We don't fight to win.
The National Guard is fantastic.
And I talked about him a little while before, I could talk about him all night.
We're supposed to protect them and they don't pay, I say you can't do that.
500 million would be a lot.
Get rid of them.
Pennsylvania would have never happened.
Here's the problem, he doesn't even know what happened, I don't think.
The second amendment, if I weren't president, you know the pressure, your second amendment would be obliterated.
You believe it lawyers? This is what we need, is more lawyers.
And a man that should be your Governor, I don't know, he's doing well, but Lieutenant Governor, Dan Forest, everybody.
You want that.
And I want to thank for that, Steve Grammar, who's with us tonight.
That doesn't work well in Texas.
It's helped a lot of people.
So in conclusion, I have to say this.
What do you think, Mike? Five or six each.
She's driving me crazy.
They did a lot.
I look at these crowds and if they're going to cheat crowds are meaningless.
You would have been in war.
They moved them aside, and they just walked right to … It was the most beautiful thing, and that would be it.
They've been very good.
Has anybody ever tried those paper straws? They are not working too good.
And he was a very good president.
She ought to get back and take care of her district instead of wasting time on this nonsense.
We're also proudly joined by NASA Deputy Administrator Jim Morhard, Deputy Secretary Of Energy Dan Brouillette, Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky, your state attorney general, Ken Paxton, a couple of very great senators.
Go home, Mike, and enjoy your life.
He was the number one guy in law school.
Our very big and very powerful border wall is going up at a record speed and we're fully financed now.
It's too much.
But this guy … So I've had it a lot where … But sometimes it'll take the police like 30 seconds, 50 seconds.
You know why? Because they never thought in a million years that I was going to release a transcript of the call.
But we're talking about them.
We had a rough couple of days.
You remember that guy? Great environmentalist.
And you think that was easy? It wasn't easy, let me tell you.
Two of them.
Pocahontas.
That's called OPEC Plus, did you ever hear of OPEC Plus.
We got rid of it, so now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family.
They always show up with a mask and they're covered, because then they go home to mom and dad.
I mean, even if you're saying things perfectly, it's a Pinocchio.
It's actually two planes.
By the way, whatever happened to Hunter.
But no, we have enough politics.
But you know you wouldn't do it because he couldn't do it.
You don't have too many cows in Wildwood, but if you do, they're gone.
And we're going to keep it there.
But these left-wing ideologues see our nation as a force of evil.
They had a poll.
Doubled it.
You get it because you can't be there.
Take it away from China.
Oh, isn't that wonderful? And by the way, the Democrats want open borders.
Sure, it's totally unsubstantiated, sir.
5 billion dollars into auto factories in the Detroit area, creating another 3000 Michigan jobs.
Enjoy yourselves, because if I'm not here, if I don't win, I don't know where I'm going to be.
It should be happening in about the next 20 minutes, 19, 18, 17
I wanted to tell that story.
I took it out of the tariffs or we had a lot leftover, but think of it.
Have to do it again.
US steel now, all of them, they're all expanding.
This is not … Look at that.
And our country will never, ever be stronger.
People come up to me.
You know, we're here for a short period of time.
Remember this, very simple to remember.
It's a big step for the Middle East.
And every year they'd have to come and come.
On one of the single most important policy decisions of our lifetime, Joe Biden sided with China over America, that's closing the border.
Look at Portland.
And you know, you can go, all over the world in some cases, it was morning.
That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.
It's fake news, and it's a disgrace.
And we're here for a number of reasons, but we're here because we really think we're going to turn this state and make it a Republican state.
African American poverty is that the lowest rate ever recorded.
That's a good thing.
I think we are.
But think of this.
It's unbelievable.
52 years they tried to do that, they didn't get it done, so we're doing good.
They're the best we've ever had.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed a wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two World Wars, defeated fascism and communism; and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
I don't want the farmers coming to me, sir, sir, I'm sorry we can't produce that much, sir.
This guy did the swine flu, right, it was a catastrophe.
Hey, Lindsay and Rand.
And now we're doing it again, except we're doing it very rapidly.
And my friends, so many people in this group, I know them well.
But in the papers, and on the fake news cable shows, and the regular, look, NBC is horrible, the NBC Nightly News, it's terrible.
Kim Jong-un, remember we're supposed to be in a war with him, what happened to the war? No, it seems to be good.
I don't even like it.
You came from the mountains and the valleys and the rivers, and you came for … I mean, look, from wherever you came from.
Hey fake news, how many points does he have right now, 15? They won't tell you the truth.
I kept hoping, but I think, honestly I think that sleepy Joe, crazy Bernie, I don't even want to put Buttigieg in, but I think they'd actually be tougher than her.
Right? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God.
No, Beto O'Rourke who wants to give up guns is in charge of the second amendment.
He said we did nothing right.
Remember I got it down to 99%
I give it away.
It wouldn't have been as good as we have.
Thanks fellas.
I just see him sitting there.
This is a lot of fun.
So we got rid of the individual mandate, which was the most unpopular part of Obamacare.
A lot of people were against it.
This was a group and they knew a very well.
Joe Biden brought you only endless wars, I'm bringing you peace and I'm bringing our troops back home.
He's not going to do well here or there.
I ended the rule.
I need some cheap people.
How's that? Good.
Can't do it.
This is the most important election in the history of our country in my opinion.
We want to build here, not in Japan, please.
This was in November.
Two trillion, all made in America, right? Everything.
That's a lot.
Man, do you have her figured out.
No, she's at 10
It's a word I associate with some very bad times in our country.
I don't feel like a politician.
But we're getting the hell out of there, okay? But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story.
Because despite the fact and nobody disputes it, that we've done more in three years with the tax cuts and regulation cuts and the military and the choice and everything, we've done more than any administration in history.
But thanks, Michelle.
No, they're right about that one.
But we would have been talking about … It would've been unacceptable, unsustainable.
And our devotion is to our Creator.
I hear it all the time.
He's surrounded by bad people, dishonest people, but they're very smart.
We have a lot of things that probably work or possibly work, but we weren't allowed legally to give that to these people that were so sick.
I mean you never saw anything, living on their most important entryways into what was a great city, San Francisco.
Got to fight for fairness.
What was the final number? Five hundreds.
And you know what that means? That your 401Ks are up 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, 100%
President Trump has said that his son walked away with a fortune.
Phil is so confident.
I do.
You want a house, you want low interest rates, you've got low … Hey, you got low interest rates.
We got along with the Kurds, and we helped the Kurds.
The vote was a totally lopsided 332 to 95 to 1
But, but I have to tell you, as bad as it is, it meant something.
He represents the Washington swamp and he's backed by the same people trying to overthrow the last election.
A record number of Americans between the ages of 25 and 34 are now working, another record.
But that last hope that Biden will win, they will own our country, China, they will own our country.
Because frankly, if we kept the old practice which frankly, some people could dispute one way or the other, we would have been up in my opinion, another 10,000 points in the Dow.
And I hope the buyer of his house didn't hear that little… Steve.
They're great people, and they've done a fantastic job.
They're not good.
Guy.
It's been so incredible.
Takes too much time.
I should watch.
But Michael McDonald, I want to thank you and the members of the Nevada Republican central committee.
That's the problem.
It will be safer, it will be better, you can save 3,500 dollars, it will be less costly.
Pelosi makes it up, and she backs him up.
Why? Because I'm pro-Trump.
But in certain ways, I like this better.
She had no chance.
When we close the border.
But in just three and a half years under my administration, we've secured America's borders rebuilt the awesome power of the U.
But that was John's first crack.
This is crazy Nancy.
Right? We're never going to have a problem.
And you're against the oil stuff too.
We added that in.
You know, we have what, 10 months? That's a long way.
With your help, we will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity.
With me, they don't even want to … They actually played it down.
And, I think they have an ulterior motive.
And she was 100% right, it produced 250,000 jobs for South Korea, not for us.
Freedom.
It has to go, but it needs a little… That's why we need the four more additionally years.
Neil Gorsuch.
I don't believe I do.
I've known her for 25 years.
I hate to even mention the word and hope to God we never have to use it, but we have the most powerful weapons in the history of the world.
I keep my promises.
But we have a good chance.
Together we're restoring this nation's industrial might and we are doing it with American iron, American aluminum, and American steel.
Democrats' sanctuary cities forced the release of dangerous criminal aliens onto our streets.
We are one great America.
And you have a couple of people that are very, very powerful.
Lou Dobbs says he's the greatest president ever.
They wanted us to put drones flying around, taking pictures of everybody.
You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks.
And some cheap pencils.
Three years, including the big tax cuts that we got you and the regulation cuts.
I'll tell you what, I'll be so angry at you.
Handsome guy, handsome.
And I have to say this, we are far greater now than ever before.
Move it up.
Three.
Right? But we're going to keep it.
I never did it before.
But he did kill terrorists, right? And it became Harvard University for terrorists, right? But they did go after him, but he didn't knock down out.
No more.
I call it the failing New York Times only because eventually it will fail.
You know, he could lose Texas.
It's a great thing.
We're opening up the Space Force because you know what, that's where it's at.
They did well in the state.
If I ever become more popular, that means I'm not doing my job.
I got the Nobel Peace Prize nomination, a Peace Prize, Nobel nomination.
They're taking them from this country, from that country, from that country.
They'll go out and buy larger tractors and they'll buy some extra land.
It's two people tonight.
Do me a favor before I introduce a very special guest, I'd like to ask your great Governor… You know, he won like by 16 points.
I'll tell you here, because you don't read about that stuff.
I will tell you that right now.
So nobody knew what the hell she spent.
The conditions in Nancy Pelosi's once great city of San Francisco are deplorable.
Oh, and I think he's like pretty light on oil production too.
You don't hear that because this is a blue collar boom.
They don't think about jobs.
Stand up, Mike.
She went out and she had a blood test done, and it came out 1,024th.
Pretty simple, pretty simple.
The bed, the desk, the Gettysburg address, the beautiful four score and seven years ago.
If you can build a building for less money than the guy across the street, and if it's a nicer building and you can rent for less, you're really… That's like a good thing.
He called it right to the thing.
You were my first victory, as I said, but you are going to lead a nation to the most important victory and the most important election that we've ever had.
And Representatives Mark Meadows.
Another few days, we send in the National Guard, it was over within an hour.
And if they double and triple and quadruple your taxes, it will be a whole different ball game.
Auditor, Mark Harmon.
We understand that.
You had the best home ownership.
And the two of them call me.
I'm happy with them.
But we should have closed a weak earlier.
That may be a record that will last forever.
For 44 years, they've been trying to get it passed, the spectacular Right to Try, where we can use our medicines that are in trial if somebody is terminally ill or very sick, we can use it and we are having tremendous results, Right to Try.
We are so respected, you don't even know how respected.
Has anybody ever tried, seriously, the new straw, it's made out of paper, right? It disintegrates as you drink and if you have a nice tie like this tie, this would have no chance.
And hopefully if you get out and vote, we'll do it one more time.
Left-wing lawmakers are pushing a government takeover of health care that would strip 180 million Americans of their private health care plans, which many people like.
So we built 100 miles.
They're not going to be able to count their vote.
A vote for any Democrat in 2020 is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of the American dream.
Be very gentle.
Then it goes down to 47, 46, 45
You don't need it.
They're teaching them the great companies of our country, they're teaching people how to do it, and it's an incredible thing to watch.
Few people would've been able to do what we did, but we got it from here and we got it from there and we got it from all over the place and we're building that sucker right now and it's having a tremendous effect already.
I see you're up in the polls, Congressman Richard Hudson, great guy.
And we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions.
These people some of the people are waiting for five days, especially in this location.
And I said something very simple.
I also created a White House virus task force.
They said, sir, they can't produce $50 billion.
Everybody in the Middle East, they couldn't believe it.
This will be a short evening for Donald Trump.
But I go in, I come out a couple of hours later I guess, whatever it is, it's a short time later, I get into the car, the press sees me get into the car.
We will end our reliance on China once and for all.
They were under a lot of pressure, they handled it well.
They will have had it.
Who in the hell knows.
The polls are through the roof.
I call it the Obama Regulates.
It would have been so much easier, right.
He started it off for about $ 30, and they just sold it for $4 billion.
This is CNN, Texas is in play.
Sort of like me in Washington, draining the swamp.
If it were up to sleepy, Joe Biden, bin Ladin and Soleimani, would be alive.
Does anybody think the media is honest? Does anybody think they're totally corrupted and dishonest? All right.
Beautiful place, beneath the majestic peaks, that's true, of the Rocky Mountains with thousands of terrific, hardworking, great American patriots.
Actually, I have to be honest.
And Greg Murphy was up a couple of points, and he ended up winning, I don't know, I'd ask the media, but they won't give me how many … What did he get? Do you know? Like 20, 21? He won by a lot.
I made you famous today.
We are also proudly promoting American ethanol, and I recently approved E15 to be used all year round! Biofuel also, but the Socialist Democrats want to shut down American energy.
$1 billion.
She's really done a great job.
They do the no cash bail.
Not in Mississippi.
He really is.
It was a horrible number a few years ago.
Now I've got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check them out.
We've got a little setback with this whole situation where these shutdowns cause a lot of problems with drugs, a lot of everything, but drugs were way down.
Turkey didn't want to budge, and Turkey was having a lot of bad things happen from this region.
All around our country, our communities are protected by Hispanic American heroes in law enforcement, and they deserve unwavering gratitude.
And Biden was against it.
I want to thank you, Don.
Everything I can do, we will do for you.
I'm also standing up for religious liberty.
Shockingly, as that wall gets longer, the crossings get less.
Schooling.
We're never leaving him.
We're going to be expanding the length.
That's the only thing they're good at.
Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of Ohio.
It's a shame.
It's all over TV that the folks here tonight have helped a great World War II veteran into the arena.
And they make the tanks.
They never catch us.
My first week in office, I canceled that job-killing travesty.
Because they all admit that we're doing a great job.
It didn't say 500 million, and it didn't say 250 like this Steyer guy.
And I called for a drug test, because you know what? I want a drug test, because we don't want to have a situation like we could have with this guy.
It has to be opened up now.
We're doing a great job.
And I made a terrible, terrible mistake because I had to work my ass off to get that thing built.
Should we get him up? Yes.
They figured, you know what we'll do, we'll get Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place, that didn't work out too well.
We're in a depression.
If they were lucky, they'd just be thrown out.
Then he talked about Michigan.
6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any president in American history.
Obama would go in, make a speech, leave.
They started ripping down Abraham Lincoln.
You couldn't do anything with exports, so people, not only China, many, many other places were stealing your secrets.
You know what's great? President.
And whether it was the Black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community, our jobs were so good, our numbers were so good.
We don't want to do that anymore.
I mean you got this guy, Schiff.
Horrible crimes and murder.
This is genius and you'll never replace these men and women that work here.
We'd win them all.
We've invested $2
And it's not just a little bit positive.
We did a brand new one with Korea.
It's the craziest thing, they love it.
Impeach Obama.
No, I'm only kidding.
Anyway, thank you very much both for being here.
The numbers is like a roller coaster down.
The great Dan Scavino, the most powerful man in politics.
And RNC finance chairman, also happens on a team called the Chicago Cubs, I shouldn't tell you that… Todd Ricketts.
It's the USA is the toughest nation to deal with.
That's what we're doing right now.
And you've all seen the wall has gone up like magic.
Thanks to our tireless efforts of border patrol to secure our border, we have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months in a row.
You would have had a crash, the likes of which we have never seen before, if they got in office.
And I think we're going to have a big victory in the state of Minnesota, because they've had it.
We ended the catch and release.
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency.
This wasn't the greatest, but he got through, it was fine.
And, despite all that we've all gone through.
Their red light just went off.
At the same time, we are working to expand American exports to India, one of the world's fastest growing markets.
And our last election was so important.
No oil, that doesn't work well in Texas, right? No guns.
Here Mike.
So if the Republicans … if you had a Democrat as president, we have a Republican house, they don't like the guy for whatever reason, or the woman, they impeach the person.
Many of you went to better schools.
Smart as hell and tough.
We suffered for a year and a half, almost two years.
You do better than they do.
Right? It's sort of easy to do.
And Haley.
My administration is also fighting the Democrat socialist healthcare agenda that would obliterate Medicare.
I gave out five Purple Hearts.
You know we're in Afghanistan, we're pulling the troops, you know that, we're coming back, we're almost finished.
She was so mean to him.
Sort of grew up with these people.
Last spring, Wisconsin voters, as you know, elected a great judge to your State Supreme Court, and this spring you have a chance to reelect another terrific judge, Justice Daniel Kelly.
I did it because it's the right thing to do.
But it happened to him.
Guy, come up.
They use it as ammunition.
Numbers are good, right? Yeah.
So I did that.
They'd be talking about his bravery.
When I get foreign nations to pay us billions and billions of dollars, nobody wants to talk about that.
They won't let you use it.
He's even.
The murder rate in Baltimore and Detroit is higher than El Salvador, Guatemala, or even Afghanistan.
They needed help and they do need help with it and it's great and they do an incredible job.
Wait until you see, toward the end of next year, the growth will be astronomical because of the China Trade Deal, the U.
These guys will come up 100%
They couldn't get it done.
Hold up your flag.
He came to my office and he had this idea that he's wanted to do for a long time.
Nobody thought this was possible in less now than nine years, and it should have been started before.
We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States, right here in Pennsylvania.
We love you.
Four years, eight years, or in one case more than that, cut more than anybody.
So Air Force One, so that's the 757, but they have a 747, which is the big Air Force One.
We're going to win it or we're not.
We have to take over the House.
We're defending that right.
They're going to die.
Everyone's got deplorable.
They're making more money than they've ever made.
It's too long to say Obama and Biden, just call it Obiden.
How great? How great? But our strong action paid off and we'll sign that terrific and fully enforceable Phase One trade deal with China.
But we've helped Puerto Rico and we've really helped… If you look at what we've done for Israel, it's been incredible.
Michigan, well, you know this one, right? Michigan gave us Motown, right? That's right.
I have poor guys, middle of the road, and rich guys, doesn't matter.
Biden has even pledged to terminate our travel ban to jihadist regions, jihadist regions.
We don't show them anymore.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But the do nothing Democrats believe anyone who opposes them has to be crushed.
They always go back, most of the time.
And the DC police are good, but the mayor gave bad instructions last night, that should have never been allowed to happen.
I think you could be Abraham Lincoln and not win that particular race.
Not even close, not even close, it's what we're doing, we're doing it together.
It's okay.
So in the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but the heroes who risk their lives to keep us safe.
To stop the far left, you must vote in tomorrow's special election.
Can't do it anymore.
What are you at? What's yours? 100%
If I did last night's speech here, by now you would have all been walking out.
I can't say it because I got all these maniacs back there.
By the way, that includes minorities.
Crazy! It's a crazy deal.
Right? I know people that are 85, that are 88, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 92 years old.
I was just endorsed two days ago by Chicago Police.
We don't have it too much.
And I have to say this about the Republicans, the Republicans… And you have a lot of great ones here tonight, your Congressman.
That name gets further and further away from China, as opposed to calling it the Chinese virus.
And actually, and I'm happy about this, Conan the dog got more publicity than me.
Congratulations on what you've done.
You're not going to have a country.
We're not shutting down our country.
You will lose your Second Amendment as soon … I'm telling you.
The 2020 election is about one thing.
Explain that.
Nobody what is, you know? I gave the A+ treatment.
There's never been a time where the Republican Party was so unified as it is now.
I see him at so many rallies.
The owner of the Chicago Cubs and he's in first place, so he's very happy, the RNC Finance Chairman, Todd Ricketts.
They really are incredible.
You'll be taking your monuments down.
He has no clue where he is.
And by the way, speaking of our military, have we taken care of our vets with Choice, with Choice.
It'll be finished very short.
But Beshear wants to shut down your coal, shut down your energy, raise your taxes, and take a giant wrecking ball to the greatest economy in the history of the state of Kentucky.
So we're doing it a different way, and Mexico is now patrolling with 27,000 troops.
It will never be better than what's coming.
‘Joe Hiden.
And, you have a good governor.
One of the fake news broadcasters, because this happened the other day, we had a tremendous crowd like this.
But once I found out it was, I called the Commissioner.
But they always used to say.
Sanctuary cities, they love sanctuary cities.
I bought a lot of planes in my life and a lot of helicopters.
I'm telling you wouldn't have believed it.
If we win North Carolina, we're going to win the whole thing, because we're doing well everywhere, from Wilmington to Charlotte, from Concord to Raleigh, and from Greensboro to right here in Fayetteville.
But look at these numbers.
They want open borders, which mean crime.
What are they doing? I will always protect Medicare for our nation's seniors.
I have a friend, a very smart guy, very streetwise guy.
How bad was NAFTA? China's entry into the World Trade Organization.
Germany likes Obama.
And maybe he'll show up for an hour-and-a-half at a debate.
In many ways they're better politicians, but they're not as vicious.
Seven, 800 years ago, maybe.
They're respected by everybody.
NASA is again the leading space station anywhere in the world.
You have to know what people say.
That could have started earlier than the beginning of our administration.
Siemans.
And we have the biggest arenas in the country.
Great victory, by the way, that was a great primary and a great victory.
We say that's not working because we're going up and he's dropping like a rock in water.
But he spent three years with us and I want to thank you, Rick, what a job you done, thank you.
Or whether we'll allow Joe Biden and the group of handlers to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, destroy our suburbs, demolish our second amendment, and indoctrinate your children with a poisonous anti-American lie.
He said transparency because it's a big deal.
Israel, Kosovo.
32,000 people, we had 32,000 people.
Now, think of it.
auto industry forever.
We gave Iran $ 1
Dan, come on up.
Not going to happen, we can't do it, and we have many other countries also, but we'll worry about them a little bit later.
Stepped on a nail.
Does that make sense? You pay much less money and you look much better and on top of that, with the new bulbs, if they break, it's considered a hazardous waste site.
It was really 119
I hope you don't need it.
They're stronger, bigger, tougher, meaner, and actually better looking in a certain way.
They hit everybody.
Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminal aliens into the heart of your communities, and we're not letting it happen anymore.
I love you too sir.
They have spent the last three years, and probably even before I came down on that beautiful escalator with our beautiful future first lady, trying to overthrow the last election.
I watched him in debates with other 24 lunatics, and he was so bad.
Women for Trump.
You don't get to 270, it's over.
It's not beautiful.
They needed four senators and maybe five, and they needed help with some of the ones that weren't moving in the right direction.
You better remember when you walk into … you know, it's November 3rd this time, November 3rd.
Remember? I think Reagan won every state except for Minnesota.
We passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts of any president or any administration in history.
… Did you see where Pocahontas is slipping, badly? Bernie, Bernie has gone up.
And we were going to go into Seattle.
Do you see what's going on? And it rains and it's filth and it's needles and it's drugs and it's, you know what.
With the help of your great Senator, Rob Portman, we've taken bold action to confront the opioid epidemic and in Ohio, drug overdose deaths went down 22% last year, 22%
It would all be over.
You're not shut down for riots.
Having fun.
That's a commonwealth.
Remember Gilmore? Nobody remembers him.
It becomes automatically the capital of Israel.
You see them all, they come out every day.
I really don't know.
I didn't see it, but I didn't see it, Donald.
The unemployment rate nationwide has hit the lowest rate in over 50 years.
It must be defeated, and it will be defeated on November 3rd.
I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of Israel.
We're the best in history unemployment for African Americans, best in history unemployment Hispanic Americans, best in history unemployment Asian Americans.
But they go the opposite.
It's turned out he doesn't.
You couldn't win.
For a long period of time, they were treated… You know this before I came.
I don't think they have enthusiasm.
So Hispanic American, the best unemployment numbers in our history, Asian Americans, the best unemployment numbers in our history.
He's being interviewed tonight on Fox.
Those cages were built in 2014 by Obama.
They were cured.
They have ceded.
We won't even toy with them about three or four more times.
I believe that's true.
And you know what? Other countries, for the first time in decades, respect us again.
No, everybody wants law and order.
We need steel.
They fell way short.
Let me tell you, by doing this and taking this particular job, which I love, it will cost me billions and billions of dollars, but if somebody from the Middle East that I never saw before, comes in and stays in one of my hotels for an evening, and pays $439, emoluments.
Too close.
Where did that come from? She's conducted outrageous attacks against men and women of law enforcement, she compared American border agents managing a humanitarian crisis, that I always said was a humanitarian crisis, and they said it was manufactured.
You know why, right? You know why? Don't say it.
But I think ultimately we win that one.
We love you, North Carolina.
But I mean thousands and thousands of people can't get into these NBA arenas, right? Big arenas.
Reciprocal.
The worst statement I've ever heard.
These are Democrat governors in all instances and Democrat mayors.
You know that right?
Colorado was founded by pioneers and prospectors, cowboys and miners, and ranchers who tamed the wilderness, explored the west, scaled the Rockies, fought the battles, and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the Earth, and we are making it greater every single day greater than ever before.
They are doing great first time ever.
Not for the Boston Bomber, not for anybody.
We pay the bill.
That wall is stopping them and it's stopping them like never before.
And you know what? They're not supposed to do it, but they did it anyway, they endorsed me.
I came here and they were going to close that plant in Lima.
Doesn't make any difference.
We are leading everywhere.
Now you see it and you see what's going up and it's an incredible structure, all capable, all wired up for cameras, for everything you can have.
No matter how you cut it, that's what it is.
They were great.
Anybody want to be with ICE? You got a lot of tough people in New Jersey.
2% military spending.
There's a lot of red up there.
He'll be right at the front.
Kentucky is thriving like never ever before, and America is stronger than ever before.
He doesn't know what it is not to fight.
As an example, hundreds of billions of dollars have been and are coming into our country in the form of tariffs, and China is eating the cost, which the fake news doesn't want to tell you.
You've never had that better year.
They're the ones that should be impeached, every one of them.
I don't know them.
I lost all my friends because it's respect for the office, let's face it.
Who would have thought we could have done that? We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant our flag on Mars.
How about China? He walked out with $1
5 trillion in the US military, including major contracts to build new warships that helped save the historic shipyard in Marinette.
The Congressmen.
It's actually less when they did the numbers.
And she was the one that brought it up.
Are we sure that we're in New Hampshire? You know, you have a reputation.
The fact is, we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
We want you to say, ‘Mr.
They're just very vicious people.
Representative Ayanna Pressle.
Biden's a globalist sellout who spent his career laying waste to American communities.
I do, I like women more.
They're tough, but our ICE folks are even tougher.
With Pennsylvania, I don't have to make a play.
These are warriors, folks.
I think there's no brand to me, that's gone up more than the US Coast Guard.
We support you.
By contrast, I rescued the Minnesota Iron Range, I did that.
And by the way, for those of you with a thing called 401ks, the stock market hit, today, another all-time historic high.
Not as long as I'm here.
We don't forget.
We've done so much.
They were flat-lined for many years, then they came into this crazy deal.
But we did more in 47 months than he did in 47 years.
Joe is bad primetime.
I said, Mike, take it easy.
They destroyed great people.
I want you to say hello, Tommy Hicks, who's a special friend.
But we had a victory, two victories, North Carolina, where one was 17 points down three weeks ago, we got involved, we started sending out lots of different social media messages, we did a couple of little robo calls, but the big thing, we did a speech the night before.
When we took over, that was going down in the wrong direction.
It's Kamala, the most liberal person in the US Senate.
It's disinformation.
No, it's true, I have guys, I have wonderful friends, New York developers, tough guys, smart guys, they're rich, they're this, that.
And it's already having a tremendous impact on people not being able to come into our country.
They know they cannot win.
But the dumbest is Joe.
You can't get any worse than her, when you think.
They would have given me so much money to build a wall.
Lara, do you love this state? And her brother's here, I have to tell you, he went to this college.
And plenty of people, even in California where they have sanctuary cities, they don't want sanctuary cities.
al-Baghdadi, the founder and leader… Look, you've heard about it for a long time.
She's got no talent, got nothing.
One year.
Democrats have also waged an unrelenting assault against people of faith.
Where's Mike? Where is he? Mike.
Then they went to recession, there's going to be a recession.
Think of it, a president of the United States who's made our economy, with a lot of help from all of you, frankly, but from Mike and from some of our great senators and some of our great people that we have with us, we made this the strongest economy in our history.
Donald Trump has won North Carolina, South Carolina.
Europe has almost a 50% greater excess mortality rate than the United States.
He betrayed them, what he did to them.
And they like it so much, they gave up the plan.
Right? We are all that stand between the American people and the left wing mob.
But it's going to be very tough for these people ever to get back.
If you're very, very sick, you're not going to make it.
That really hurt us because people sort of went back to some old ways because they don't want to be shut down any longer.
This is the most unified the Republican party has ever been.
We will never ever stop fighting.
It'll be finished.
There are no crimes.
I've been watching the fake news for weeks now, and everything is negative.
Drudge is starting to treat me good again.
Two and a half years, including the tax cuts which are massive, and including all of the regulatory cuts, and the other things you have gotten, $10,000
And you saw this was the anti-Benghazi.
You don't realize, because you don't know what's happening.
We'll bring it out of retirement very soon.
But I will tell you, so all of a sudden they have schools.
We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members from our country by the thousands.
Then people started … no she's at 12
We fought like hell.
But I'm not going too far with any of these people because I thought I was way too early with Elizabeth Warren.
For years you had a president who apologized for America… So you had a president who apologized for America, now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of North Carolina.
I hate to talk about him.
Quite easy.
He tried to stop us.
We make more money, we have better houses, we have better everything, and then they say the elite.
She pleaded for compassion for Isis recruits attempting to join the terrorist organization.
Then we banned Europe because I saw what was happening in Italy and Spain and France.
I want to thank you both.
We are so respected, you have no idea how our nation has gone so far up in the eyes and the minds of the rest of the world.
Our United States armed forces.
So many people have done so well.
They were all for it.
I recognized Israel's true capitol and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
Your wonderful Republican State Chairman Doug Steinhardt, what a job he's doing.
Nine inches.
Eliminate private healthcare insurance for 180 million Americans who love their healthcare.
And we have plenty of it.
He's going to go by the science.
We're now the largest energy producer in the entire world, bigger than Soviet Union, formerly.
Next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country, it's heading that way.
Biden will hand the left wing mob the keys to your kids' classroom.
Dana, please stand up.
The states that are open are doing great.
So we're making up for a lot of lost ground.
She accused him of MeToo, she accused him of everything.
You still have empty buildings, empty factories, but now they're getting filled up pretty fast or being knocked down for brand new ones.
The people in certain groups are trying to hold them up as long as possible, as long as possible.
I have a beautiful building right down the road.
Tomorrow, you will see headlines, Trump wants an extra term, I told you, I told you.
Once you win, money comes in.
And as the wall goes up, it becomes less and less of a problem, because as the wall gets up, people aren't getting through.
But just in case she doesn't, we have an insurance policy.
Which, by the way, we set a record in 2016
They all got these massive breaks.
He just said it.
It didn't do too well.
The forgotten men and women, I campaigned on the forgotten.
So we took in 130 billion a year, going over a three-year period, to 400, just because I asked.
Nice and easy.
They needed it.
No issue has ever been so horribly discarded by a party as that issue by the Democrats.
I said to Ivanka, I said to the first lady, I said to anybody that would listen, I said, listen, this is so great.
They may learn to be vicious after going through this, though.
Yesterday it was revealed that a fund partly owned by Joe Biden's son, where's Hunter? See his first name, I now name … His first name is where.
I'll tell you what, for our country, that's why I like to see things that we do get honored because nobody is doing what we do.
Finish second to a guy that cannot put two sentences together.
To this day, he has no idea why he got it.
We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies, Washington politicians… You know this.
Nobody ever heard of that before.
Doesn't work too well in our country.
Who the hell knows? But it's crazy.
Last year, I visited the Shell petrochemical plant in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, the largest investment in your state's history.
I'll keep your jobs in Pennsylvania where they belong and you're going to be doing fracking for a long time.
It's not going to be her.
And soon it will be, when the wall is completed, secure like it's never been before.
Unity.
This crazy Mueller Report comes out, 18 Trump haters, liberal Democrats, some worked for Hillary Clinton, they found nothing.
And if elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets.
They're so nasty to me today.
A lot of people choke.
We would have spent trillions and trillions of dollars.
You better win, Michael.
We are going to take care of our citizens first.
They are great, great heroes of mine, of yours, of everybody's.
A suburbanite, thank you, thank you.
And I made a speech a week ago in Texas.
They don't take your medical machines.
And America is respected again, like it hasn't been for a long time.
But we'll hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities, which are a disaster.
We had a lot of great Conservatives who wanted it, we had Liberals who wanted it.
We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, In God we trust, and we're going to keep it that way.
You are so lucky I'm president, that's all I can tell you.
And they were all set.
Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of New Hampshire.
And that's after we built the greatest energy country anywhere in the world by far.
Whoa.
We want her on our side.
I think we have bigger crowds potentially.
We have tariffs of 100% on products and much more than that.
They want open borders, let everyone, and by the way, we're doing so well.
You better go to Wisconsin.
We're giving them a tiny little bit more fuel and you're going to save on average $3,500
It's an amazing thing.
It's probably 20 million people more than anybody else.
You don't have to pay a breakup fee.
We've suspended refugee resettlements from the world's most dangerous regions, because nothing is more important than keeping America safe.
Frankly, I'm not sure.
We don't want to be crazed lunatics.
Try going and buying a new faucet.
A lot of bad things.
8 billion, you ever see like at a casino, $1 million wrapped up? It's a big pile of stuff, that's a million.
But I'm running for reelection to bring back the tremendous prosperity that we enjoyed before the plague came in, and it's happening very fast.
We want jobs.
But it's hard to get off.
Wah, wah, wah.
Nobody would say what they said.
They want to give these people, that come into our country illegally all benefits, and he opposed our travel ban, which is so important that we won in the United States Supreme Court to keep terrorists the hell out of our country.
I'll never end it, Make America Great Again, but I see all those hats.
You have guys, they fought for us.
Lowest in history.
That's why.
Actually, sir, the number is 142
They fall asleep at a rally.
And we don't have to defend the borders between Turkey and Syria.
Mike Landell, maybe you should run.
We killed the individual mandate, which is the most unbelievable, horrible.
I also recently took action on an issue Nevada has been dealing with for over 30 years.
And they've got to… There has to be a repercussion.
Al-Baghdadi is dead.
I don't think of myself as a politician.
I said, how many killed? Nobody, sir.
And then she gets on and says, what a bad guy I am.
Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in over 51 years.
I keep saying, what the hell happened for 47 years and now he's copying my campaign.
How's the economy? Not good, sir.
I had a great life.
Sir, we have a great piece of land, a much better location that we were going to way overpay for, a much bigger piece.
Hispanic Americans right now, more than 500,000 own a home.
And you just seem to have a bigger problem.
You have to see what happens when that wall goes up.
We'd love to take them back.
And her name is Ronna McDaniel.
But I was willing to do it, I would've taken it.
I saw her on a television show, and George Stephanopoulos, that's another beauty, he said, even he said, he was defending me.
That you're difference.
They are paying for it.
And also, you have to have a governor because right now Michigan's lagging.
Are you doing well? I just looked at a very solid poll.
I'm waiting for a call, I would love to do it.
These really stupid heads of these corporations that give hundreds of millions of dollars.
But Lincoln was very, very badly treated by the fake news.
Bob Paduchik.
We have never had a better relationship with China than we do right now.
It's called a no climb provisor, no climb provisor.
What the hell difference does it make? We want to thank the Adelsons.
But then she opened that fresh mouth of hers and it stopped.
As you heard, we added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone.
Then the number comes out, 266,000 with an adjustment.
And so we did what we did, right? And they said, it's our turn now.
And they're really acting as police.
Don't forget, we are doing this and still fighting the unfairness of China and other countries on trade.
In a very short while, we'll have 182 federal judges.
I know all about it from the real estate business, we brought it all the way down.
If I would have said that during the campaign that we were going to produce numbers like this, the fakeness would have been hitting me.
I got people to vote for it that they could have never gotten.
But they started hitting Lincoln.
They tend to be appointed young.
So we're working on all of them.
We are making America great again and with your vote in 2020 we will keep America great.
It's not a subject.
Sadly.
When it comes to 2nd Amendment, when it comes to life, when it comes to a lot of things that you people live for, if you don't have the supreme court and if you don't have the courts in your side, you can forget it.
We can forget globalism.
And despite the fact that we … I have done a phenomenal job with it, I shut down the United States to very heavily infected but all people from China in late January, which is months earlier than other people would have done it, if they would have done it at all.
Almost 160 million Americans, nobody would have thought that was possible.
On trade, we're starting to set records every week, we're reversing decades of Washington disloyalty, stupidity, and corruption.
The country isn't based on that, the country, you just take a look, look at the people they put into these lotteries.
I can't say I'm going to buy the Air Force One from a European company that doesn't work too well.
Turn the cameras.
I hear he's way up in the polls, he's way up in the polls.
Because they're fake.
Sadly, I can't say historic because, you know, a couple of hundred years ago, there was nobody here, right? I assume that 2, 300 years ago was cleaner, probably.
And we don't have to mention Sean, and Laura, and so many others.
Guys come up to me.
7 billion, $1
They're going totally loony.
Did they fight me on that one.
Now, he didn't quite say that, but I say it.
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future for all Americans.
Should've been done years and years ago.
And then Boeing came to me, and I love to negotiate.
It's just a con game.
So we did many things.
We are fighting for great jobs, great schools, great healthcare, and a truly great future for our country and for them.
Under my administration, the growth in net worth for the bottom half of wage earners has increased 15 times more than under the three previous administrations.
But, I have to now say, do I want to change the greatest theme in political history, Make America Great Again, with Keep America Great, right? Let's take a little applause, right? We'll go Make America Great Again, you'd clap if you want that.
Where is Hunter? Where is Hunter? You know where Hunter is? He's probably on the Riviera having a very good time.
And there is nothing that makes me happier than making that decision to run and win and straighten out the mess that these people have created.
No, give me the questions.
But I'm thrilled to be here with the beautiful, great, hardworking people of this incredible state.
Look at these two guys.
I mean, that was a strong commercial.
Maybe I'm a little different up here.
It's the people that's around him.
Probably that is everybody's going to come to the United States.
Zero.
We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability.
We had a man campaigning for eight years to knock out Obamacare, and when he voted it didn't work out that way, did it? We had it, and we would have had it, but we're going to end up actually with a better plan.
The Republican party has never been unified like it is today.
That's actually true.
They tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, tilled the soil, planted the fields and help make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth and we are making it greater and greater every single day.
That's why the monuments and the statutes, they want to knock them down.
That swamp is that dirty swamp.
There was a headline in Time magazine about the cage and somebody called in that built it.
We had a crowd.
Find out who this woman is.
And Alonzo doesn't mess with Henry, he learned that a long time ago.
Did you see him in the debates? He was not too good, but that's okay.
Open your schools, open up.
I brought it up too soon so I don't talk about it anymore, but if she should be the candidate, which I tend to doubt, but if she should be we'll bring it up again and I think it will be very successful.
Pipelines are good.
Have you seen? We've been winning a lot of cases, a lot of cases.
I mean like double them up, triple them up and it's still won't pay for the nonsense they want.
But under my administration, we will never make excuses for America's enemies, we will never hesitate in defending American lives, and we will never stop working to defeat radical Islamic terrorism, never.
And then I heard it a second time.
Smattering.
But when you look at it, really, it's amazing.
Those are important groups of people.
If he would have just kept spending a couple of hundred million dollars a week on ads, he could have won.
These people are sick.
Thank you, Rick.
Thanks to our campaign to combat the opioid epidemic with your governor's help, we have seen a 17% drop in overdose deaths in Kentucky, which is a record.
Transparency is bigger than healthcare because you will see prices tumbling like you wouldn't believe.
We have made America safe again, and we have made America great again.
Texas is now way down.
He's changed.
To stop the far left's campaign of destruction, you must vote Republican.
So when I released the call, when I released the transcripts, they died.
We won them by a lot.
Like day and night.
Remember Joe with a prosecutor? $ 1 billion, I'm not giving it to them until they get those prosecutors away from my son or whatever the hell he said, that crazy company over in Ukraine.
What about Ukraine? He got $183,000 a month, $3 million upfront and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way.
